

Kanye, can I talk to you for a minute?
Me and the other faculty members was wonderin could you do a lil som...
Somethin beautiful
Somethin that the kids is gon love when they hear it
Thas gon make them start jumpin up and down and sharin candy an' stuff
Think you could probably do somethin for the kids for graduation to sing?



Oh, yeah. I got the perfect song for the kids to sing

[Kanye West:]
And all my people that's drug dealing just to get by
Stack your money 'til it gets sky high
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky
And say "We don't care what people say"

If this is your first time hearing this 
You are about to experience something so cold man
We never had nothing handed
Took nothing for granted
Took nothing from no man, man I'm my own man

But as a shorty I looked up to the dopeman
Only adult man I knew that wasn't broke man
Flicking Starter coats man, man you don't know man
We don't care what people say

This is for my niggas outside all winter
'Cause this summer they ain't finna say, "Next summer I'm finna."
Sitting in the hood like community colleges
This dope money here is Lil Trey's scholarship

'Cause ain't no tuition for having no ambition
And ain't no loans for sitting your ass at home
So we forced to sell crack rap and get a job
You gotta do something man your ass is grown

[Kanye West:]
Drug dealing just to get by
Stack your money 'til it gets sky high
Kids sing, kids sing

[Kanye and kids:]
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
Joke's on you we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky
And say "We don't care what people say"

The second verse is for my dogs working 9-to-5
That still hustle 'cause a nigga can't shine off $6.55
And everybody selling make-up, Jacob's
And bootleg tapes just to get they cake up
We put shit on layaway then come back
We claim other people kids on our income tax
We take that money cop work then push packs to get paid
And we don't care what people say

Mamma say she wanna move South 
Scratching lottery tickets eyes on a new house
Around the same time Doe ran up in dude's house 
Couldn't get a job
So since he couldn't get work he figured he'd take work

The drug game bulimic it's hard to get weight
So nigga's money is homo it's hard to get straight
But we gon' keep baking 'til the day we get cake
And we don't care what people say 

[Kanye West and kids:]
My niggas drug dealing just to get by
Stack your money 'til it gets sky high
Kids sing, kids sing
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
The joke's on you we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky
And say "We don't care what people say"

You know the kids gon' act a fool
When you stop the programs for after school
And they DCFS some of them dyslexic
They favorite 50 Cent song's 12 Questions

We scream, rock, blows, weed park 
See now we smart
We ain't retards the way teachers thought
Hold up hold fast we make more cash
Now tell my mamma I belong in that slow class 

Sad enough we on welfare
You tryna put me on the school bus with the space for the wheel chair
I'm tryna get the car with the chromy wheels here
You tryna cut our lights out like we don't live here

Look at what's handed us our father's abandoned us
When we get them hammers go and call the ambulance
Sometimes I feel no one in this world understands us
But we don't care what people say

[Kanye West and kids:]
My niggas drug dealing just to get by
Stack your money 'til it gets sky high
Kids sing, kids sing
We wasn't supposed to make it past 25
The joke's on you we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky
And say we don't care what people say



What in the fuck was that Kanye
I told you to do some shit for the kids
You can give me your muthafucking graduation ticket right now
You will not walk across that stage, you won’t slide across that stage
A muthafucka can’t pull you across that stage Kanye
Who told you see, I told you to do something up lifting
I’m trynna get you out here with these white people and this how you gone do me
You know what us a nigga
And I don’t mean that in no nice way
Had little kids sing about the shit, the jokes on you
You throw your mutha hands in the air, and wave good-bye to everybody
Cause you getting the fuck out of this campus
Mutha what you gone do now

I'm no longer confused but don't tell anybody.
I'm about to break the rules but don't tell anybody.
I got something better than school but don't tell anybody.
My momma would kill me but don't anybody.
she wants me to get a good ass job just like everybody. 
She ain'twalked in my shoes i'm just not everybody.



[Chorus - 4x]
Oh when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down

[Verse - Kanye West]
Man I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny
Now, tell me that ain't insecurrre
The concept of school seems so securrre
Sophmore three yearrrs aint picked a careerrr
She like fuck it, I'll just stay down herre and do hair
Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new Airs
Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus (a Lexus)
She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female addicted to retail and well

[Chorus - repeat 2x (w/ Kanye ad-libs)]

[Verse - Kanye West]
Man I promise, I'm so self conscious
That's why you always see me with at least one of my watches
Rollies and Pasha's done drove me crazy
I can't even pronounce nothing, pass that versace!
Then I spent 400 bucks on this
Just to be like nigga you ain't up on this!
And I can't even go to the grocery store
Without some ones thats clean and a shirt with a team
It seems we living the american dream
But the people highest up got the lowest self esteem
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
For the road to riches and diamond rings
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us
We trying to buy back our 40 acres
And for that paper, look how low we a'stoop
Even if you in a Benz, you still a nigga in a coop/coupe

[Chorus - repeat 2x (w/ Kanye ad-libs)]

[Verse - Kanye West]
I say fuck the police, thats how I treat em
We buy our way out of jail, but we can't buy freedom
We'll buy a lot of clothes when we don't really need em
Things we buy to cover up what's inside
Cause they make us hate ourself and love they wealth
That's why shortys hollering "where the ballas' at?"
Drug dealer buy Jordans, crackhead buy crack
And a white man get paid off of all of that
But I ain't even gon act holier than thou
Cause fuck it, I went to Jacob with 25 thou
Before I had a house and I'd do it again
Cause I wanna be on 106 and Park pushing a Benz
I wanna act ballerific like it's all terrific
I got a couple past due bills, I won't get specific
I got a problem with spending before I get it
We all self conscious I'm just the first to admit it

[Chorus - to fade (w/ Kanye ad-libs)]



Some glad morning when this life is over,
I'll fly away.
To a home on God's celestial shore,
I'll fly away.

I'll fly away, O Glory,
I'll fly away.
When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye,
I'll fly away.

When the shadows of this life have flown,
I'll fly away.
Like a bird thrown, driven by the storm,
I'll fly away.

I'll fly away, O Glory,
I'll fly away.
When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye,
I'll fly away.

Just a few more weary days and then,
I'll fly away.
To a land where joy shall never end,
I'll fly away.

I'll fly away, O Glory,
I'll fly away.
When I die, Hallelujah, bye and bye,
I'll fly away.



[Hook: Kanye West]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Man, man, man
If my manager insults me again I will be assaulting him
After I fuck the manager up then I'm gonna shorten the register up
Let's go back, back to the Gap
Look at my check, wasn't no scratch
So if I stole, wasn't my fault
Yeah I stole, never got caught
They take me to the back and pat me
Askin' me about some khakis
But let some black people walk in
I bet they show off their token blackie
Oh now they love Kanye, let's put him all in the front of the store
Saw him on break next to the 'No Smoking' sign with a blunt and a Mall'
Takin' my hits, writin' my hits
Writin' my rhymes, playin' my mind
This fuckin' job can't help him
So I quit, y'all welcome
Y'all don't know my struggle
Y'all can't match my hustle
You can't catch my hustle
You can't fathom my love dude
Lock yourself in a room doin' five beats a day for three summers
That's a different world like Kree Summers
I deserve to do these numbers
The kid that made that deserves that Maybach
So many records in my basement
I'm just waitin' on my spaceship, blaow

[Hook: Kanye West]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

[Verse 2: GLC]
Man, I'm talkin' way past the sky
Let's go, yeah
And I didn't even try to work a job
Represent the mob
At the same time thirsty on the grind
Chi state of mind
Lost my momma, lost my mind
+My life, my love+ that's not mine
Why you ain't signed?
Wasn't my time
Leave me alone, work for y'all
Half of it's yours, half of it's mine
Only one to ball
Never one to fall
Gotta get mine
Gotta take mine
Got a tech nine
Reach my prime
Gotta make these haters respect mine
In the mall 'til 12 when my schedule said nine
Puttin' them pants on shelves
Waitin' paitently I ask myself
Where I wanna go, where I wanna be
Life is much more than runnin' in the streets
Holla at 'ye, hit me with the beat
Put me on my feet
Sound so sweet
Yes I'm the same ol' G, same goatee
Stayin' low key, nope
Holler at God "Man why'd you had to take my folks?"
Hope to see Freddy G., Yusef G
Love my G, Rolly G
Police watch me smoke my weed, count my G's
Got a lot of people countin' on me
And I'm just tryin' to find my peace
Should of finished school like my niece
Then I wouldn't finally wouldn't use my piece, blaow
Aw man, all this pressure

[Hook: Kanye West]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

[Verse 3: Consequence]
I remember havin' to take the dollar cab
Comin' home real late at night
Standin' on my feet all damn day
Tryin' to make this thing right
And havin' one of my co-workers say "Yo you look just like
This kid I seen in the old Busta Rhymes video the other night"
Well easy come, easy go
How that sayin' goes
No more broad service, cars, and them TV shows
I all had that snatched from me
And all the faculties all turn their back on me
And didn't wanna hear a rap from me
So naturally actually had to face things factually
Had to be a catastrophe with the fridgest starin' back at me
Cuz nothing's there, nothing's fair
I don't wanna ever go back there
So I won't be takin' no days off 'til my spaceship takes off

[Hook: Kanye West]
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky
I've been workin' this graveshift and I ain't made shit
I wish I could buy me a spaceship and fly past the sky

[Outro: GLC]
I wanna fly, I wanna fly
I said I want my chariot to pick me up
And take me brother for a ride



Yo, we at war
We at war with terrorism, racism, and most of all we at war with ourselves
(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me) with me, with me, with me [fades]

You know what the Midwest is?
Young & Restless
Where restless (niggas) might snatch your necklace
And next these (niggas) might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these (niggas) who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless Uhhhh!
Try to catch it Uhhhh! It's kinda hard
Getting choked by the detectives yeah yeah now check the method
They be asking us questions, harass and arrest us
Saying, "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast."
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke rental car from Avis
My mamma used to say only Jesus can save us
Well mamma I know I act a fool
But I'll be gone 'til November I got packs to move I Hope

[Hook 2x]
(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the Devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks with me)
The only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walks)
And I don't think there is nothing I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me)
I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long

To the hustlers, killers, murderers, drug dealers even the strippers
(Jesus walks with them)
To the victims of Welfare for we living in hell here hell yeah
(Jesus walks with them)
Now hear ye hear ye want to see Thee more clearly
I know he hear me when my feet get weary
Cause we're the almost nearly extinct
We rappers are role models we rap we don't think
I ain't here to argue about his facial features
Or here to convert atheists into believers
I'm just trying to say the way school need teachers
The way Kathie Lee needed Regis that's the way I need Jesus
So here go my single dog radio needs this
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus
That means guns, sex, lies, video tapes
But if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
Well if this take away from my spins
Which will probably take away from my ends
Then I hope this take away from my sins
And bring the day that I'm dreaming about
Next time I'm in the club everybody screaming out

(Jesus walks)
God show me the way because the devil trying to break me down
(Jesus walks)
The only thing that that I pray is that my feet don't fail me now
(Jesus walks)
And I don't thing there's nothing I can do now to right my wrongs
(Jesus walks with me... fades)
I want to talk to God but I'm afraid because we ain't spoke in so long



Yeah Grandmama
Told you I won't let you down
Told you I won't let this rap game change me, right?

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found,one thing I found
Oh no you'll never let me down,
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)

[Jay-Z:]
Yo, yo first I snatched the street then I snatched the charts,
First I had their ear now I have their heart,
Rappers came and went,
I've been here from the start,
Seen them put it together
Watched them take it apart,
See the Rovers roll up with ribbons
I've seen them re-poed, re-sold and re-driven
So when I reload, he holds #1 position
When you hot I'm hot
And when your feet cold, mine's is sizzling
It's plain to see
Niggas can't fuck with me
'cause I'mma be that nigga for life
This is not an image
This is God-given
This is hard living
Mixed with Cristal sipping
It's the most consistent
Hov
Give you the most hits you can fit inside a whole disc and
Nigga I'm home on these charts, y'all niggas visiting
It's Hov tradition, Jeff Gordon of rap
I'm back to claim pole position, holla at ya boy

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found,one thing I found
Oh no you'll never let me down,
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)

[Kanye West:]
I get down for my grandfather who took my momma
Made her sit that seat where white folks ain't want us to eat
At the tender age of 6 she was arrested for the sit in
With that in my blood I was born to be different
Now niggas can't make it to ballots to choose leadership
But we can make it to Jacob and to the dealership
That's why I hear new music
And I just don't be feeling it
Racism still alive they just be concealing it
But I know they don't want me in the damn club
They even made me show I.D. to get inside of Sam's club
I did dirt and went to church to get my hands scrubbed
Swear I've been baptised at least 3 or 4 times
But in the land where niggas praise
Yukons and getting paid
It gon' take a lot more than coupons to get us saved
Like it take a lot more than do-rags to get your waves
Nothing sadder than that day my girl father passed away
So I promised to Mr Rany I'm gonna marry your daughter
And you know I gotta thank you for they way that she was brought up
And I know that you were smiling when you see that car I bought her
And you sent tears from heaven when you seen my car get balled up
But I can't complain what the accident did to my Left Eye
'cause look what an accident did to Left Eye
First Aaliyah and now Romeo must die
I know I got angels watching me from the other side

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found,one thing I found
Oh no you'll never let me down,
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found,one thing I found
Oh no you'll never let me down,
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)

[J.Ivy:]
We are all here for a reason on a particular path
You don't need a curriculum to know that you are part of the math
Cats think I'm delirious, but I'm so damn serious
That's why I expose my soul to the globe, the world
I'm trying to make it better for these little boys and girls
I'm not just another individual, my spirit is a part of this
That's why I get spiritual, but I get my hymns from Him
So it's not me, it's He that's lyrical
I'm not a miracle, I'm a heaven-sent instrument
My rhythmatic regimen navigates melodic notes for your soul and your mental
That's why I'm instrumental
Vibrations is what I'm into
Yeah, I need my loot by rent day
But that is not what gives me the heart of Kunte Kinte
I'm tryna give us "us free" like Cinque
I can't stop, that's why I'm hot
Determination, dedication, motivation
I'm talking to you, my many inspirations
When I say I can't, let you or self down
If I were of the highest cliff, on the highest riff
And you slipped off the side and clinched on to your life in my grip
I would never, ever let you down
And when these words are found
Let it been known that God's penmanship has been signed with a language called "Love"
That's why my breath is felt by the deaf
And why my words are heard and confined to the ears of the blind
I, too, dream in color and in rhyme
So I guess I'm one of a kind in a full house
'cause whenever I open my heart, my soul, or my mouth
A touch of God reigns out

When it comes to being true, at least true to me
One thing I found,one thing I found
Oh no you'll never let me down,
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)
Get up I get (down)

[Jay-Z (Kanye West):]
Who else you know been hot this long,
(Oh Ya, you know we ain't finished)
Started from nothing but he got this strong,
(The ROC is in the building)
Built the ROC from a pebble, pedaled rock before I met you,
Pedaled bikes, got my nephews pedal bikes because they special,
Let you tell that man I'm falling,
Well somebody must've caught him,
'Cause every fourth quarter, I like to Mike Jordan 'em,
Number one albums, what I got like four of them,
More of them on the way,
The Eight Wonder on the way,
Clear the way, I'm here to stay,
Y'all can save the chitter chat, this and that, this and Jay,
Dissin' Jay will get you maced,
When I start spitting them lyrics, niggas get very religious,
Six Hail Maries, please Father forgive us,
Young, the Archbishop, the Pope John Paul of y'all niggas,
The way y'all all follow Jigga,
Hov's a living legend and I tell you why,
Everybody wanna be Hov and Hov still alive.



[Kanye West]
I'm trying to catch the beat, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat
I'm trying to catch the beat, uh uh, uh
I'm trying to catch the beat

[Chorus (Kanye West):]
Now, throw your motherfucking hands
GET 'EM HIGH
All the girls pass the weed to your motherfucking man
GET 'EM HIGH
Now I ain't never tell you to put down your hands
KEEP 'EM HIGH
And if your losing your high then* smoke again
KEEP 'EM HIGH

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Now, my flow
Is in the pocket like wallets, I got the bounce like hydraulics
I can't call it, I got the swerve like alcoholics
My freshman year I was going through hella problems
'til I built up the nerve to drop my ass up outta college
My teacher said I'm a loser, I told her why don't you kill me
I give a fuck if you fail me, I'm gonna follow my heart,
And if you follow the charts, or the plaques or the stacks
You ain't gotta guess who's back,
You see I'm so Chi that you thought it was bashful
But this bastard's flow will bash a skull
And I will cut your girl like Pastor Troy
And I don't usually smoke but pass the 'dro
And I won't give you that money that you asking for
Why you think me and Dame cool? We're assholes!
That's why we hear your music in fast forward
'Cause we don't wanna hear that weak shit no more

[Chorus (Kanye West)]

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now who the hell is this?
E-mailing me at 11:26, telling me that she 36-26, plus double D
You know how girls on black planet be when they get bubbly
At NYU but she hail from Kansas, right now she just lampin, chilling on campus
Sent me a picture with her feeling on Candice
Who said her favorite rapper was the late great Francis
W-H-I-T, it's getting late mami, your screen saver say tweet
So you got to call me, and bring a friend for my friend
His name Kweli
(You mean Talib, lyrics stick to your rib)
I mean
(That's my favorite CD that I play in my crib)
I mean
(You don't really know him, why is you lying)
You Kwe, she don't believe me, please pick up the line
She's gonna think that I'm lying, just spit a couple of lines
Then maybe I'll be able to give her dick all the time, and get her high

[Verse 3: Talib Kweli]
Yeah, I can't believe this nigga use my name for picking up dimes
But never mind, I need some tracks you trying to pull tracks out
And my rhymes is finna blow you trying to blow backs out
Well OK, you twisted my arm, I'll assist with the charm, aiyyo
Ain't you meet that chick at that conference with your mom?
She's the bomb, but she got the boujee behavior
Always got something to say like an OK player hater
Anyway, I don't usually fuck with the Internet
Or chicks on Birth Control stuck to they arm like Nicorette
You really fucking that much, you trying to get off cigarettes
And she think it's fly, she ain't met a real nigga yet
I apologize if I come off a little inconsiderate
I got the bubble kush and a sister could get a hit of it

[Verse 4: Common]
Get 'em high like noon, or the moon or room filled with smoke
A high filled with dope
You all assumed I was doomed, out of tune, but I still feel the notes
The real nigga quotes
Real rappers is hard to find like a remote control,
Rap is not a used to but still got love,
That's why I abuse you who are not thugs
Rock clubs, it's like Tiger Woods in the hood, to have my own reality show
Called Soul Survivor, I stole all liver, niggas in you
You's a bitch I got ones that are thicker than you
How could I ever let your words affect me, they say Hip-Hop is dead
I'm here to resurrect me, mosh is too sexy to even make songs like these
That's why the raw don't know your name, like Alicia Keys
Too many featured MCs, and producers is popular
Twelve thousand spins, nobody got to copping her
Album, how come, you the hot garbage of
The year, It's clear your image is snooped up
Label got you souped up, telling you you're sick
Man you a dick with a loose nut
Video hard to watch like Medusa
Even your club record need a booster
Chimped up, with a pimp cup, illiterate nigga
Read the infa, red across your head Imma bred King like Simba
Boulder then Denver, I ain't a Madd Rapper just a MC with a temper
You dancing for money like honey, I did this my way
So when the industry crash, I survive like Kanye
Spitting through wires and fires, MCs retiring
Got your hands up, get them motherfuckers higher then

[Chorus (Kanye West)]



[Girl #1]
Ay Wussup gurl

[Girl #2]
Heyy gurl 

[Girl #3]
Hey How u doin'?

[Girl #1]
Ay you know i finally got my shit together been watchin that workout plan gurl!!

[Girl #2]
Well you lookin' all good and stuff you got you a-

[Girl #1]
Gurl i know it's that workout

[Girl #2]
Got you a six pack shakuar and stuff

[Girl #1]
Don't say it

[Girl #3]
my nigga my nigga i'm tired of puttin 1-8-7 in my niggas pager that shit aint workin' no more

[Girl #1]
Gurl you know i'ma video hofesional now (Gurl) since i copped this new workout plan my shit
is right rollin' in lexus, acruasss everything gurll

[Girl #3]
Gurl u need to let me know where i can cop that how much is it?

[Girl #1]
Gurl you know you ain't gotta pay nuttin' around me i'm tha bootleg queeen i'll give it to
you for free.99

[Both girl #2, and #3]
FREE.99!!

[Girl #3]
That's my dawg you always lookin out for us

[Girl #2]
My nigga now i can throw away my bus pass and shit oh my God

[Girl #3]
Oh shit



[Intro]
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get right for the summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
You might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude wit' a car
So first of all we gon' work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass!

[Verse 1]
1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came..
I came...
I came..

[Chorus:]
It's been a week without me
And she feels weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin to talk about less
She talks about freakin out so
Maybe we can work it out
Work it out [4x]
Maybe we could work it out

[Verse 2]
Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said get it wet
Ooh, girl your breath is HARSH
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks yea I bought them cars
Still killa a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweatin' to the oldies we jukin to a cold beat
Maybe one day girl we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl if you ain't fit girl I'll hit girl
1 and you brought 2 friends OK 3 more now hop in the Benz
4 door do you know the difference between a 5, 6, 7, 8
All the mocha lattes you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us, ballas

[Chorus]

[Interlude: Ladies speaking w/ Kanye in the background]
[Jill] Hi, may name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to
Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player
And like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive
I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!

[Lasandra] My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say
that ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray Ray's
broke ass no mo'

(Work it mo' juge it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo')

[Alamae] My name is Alamae from Mobille, Alabama
and I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
And I rode the plane, rode the plane, rode the plane

[Girl] Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man (yeah)
And I don't gotta work at the mall again

[Beat changes]

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(It's that old Michael Jackson shit)

That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap like this)

That's right, put in work
Move your ass, go wizzerk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (To give me a soul clap ok? Double time)

That's right, put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow!
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve

That's right, put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)

That's right, put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) [Applause and cheering]
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Woah, yeah



[Luther Vandross]
Are you gonna be?
Say that you're gonna be

[Jamie Foxx]
Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh...

[Chorus (Jamie Foxx):]
She said she wants some Marvin Gaye, some Luther Vandross, a little Anita, will definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)
She said she want some Ready for the World, some New Edition, some Minnie Ripperton, and definitely set this party off right
(Are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be, are you gonna be? Well well well well well)

[Kanye West]
I told her to drive over in your new whip
Bring some friends you cool with
I'm gonna bring the cool whip
Then I want you to strip
See you is my new chick
So we get our grind on
She be grabbing, calling me Biggie like Shine home
Man, I swear she fine homes
Why she always lying though
Telling me them diamonds when she know they rhinestones
She got a light skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
Got a dark skinned friend look like Michael Jackson
I play 'Ready for the World' - she was ready for some action
My dawg said you ain't no freak, so you got to prove my man wrong
I'm a play this Vandross
You're gonna take your pants off
I'm gonna play this Gladys Knight
Me and you're gonna get right

[Chorus X2]

[Twista]
Got you looking at the gliss at my hands and wrists
While I'm laying back smoking on my cannabis
When it come to rocking the rhythm like Marvin and Luther
I can tell you ain't no messing with Kan-man and Twist
From the Chi and I be
Sipping Hennessy
Play some R&B
Trying to smoke a B
Looking properly
Feeling on a G?
And always (well well well well well)
Come with me and sip on some Evelyn Champagne
You ain't know Twista can work it like the Whispers
Hit the stop light, get into some Isaac
The rims still moving so I'm bumping little spinners
While I'm smoking on a B
Dipping through the streets
Bumping R&B
And I got to leave
something to the 23's?
And I do it (well well well well well)
With my earth and the wind smoke a fire
Let me when get your sheets wet listening to Keith Sweat
Put you in a daze for maze
Fullfilling our every temptation slow jamming having deep sex
You ready for the world girl
Come on over make me touch you all over your body baby don't say no to me
An every moment you controllin' me I'm loving the way you be holding me when I be listening to Jodeci
And when I come over and bend your ass
You be bumping Teddy Pendergrass
I'd hit it from the back to the melody to roll it slow
Now I gotta go up in it fast, but I'm gonna finish last
No matter how much of a thug you see
I still spit it like it's R&B, so to the club with me
And with some Luther come on and hope you finna and still be in love with me

[Chorus X2]

[Twista]
Baby drop another slow jam
And all us lovers need hold hands
And if you ain't got no man hop up in my Brougham
I keep it pimping like an old man
You got to roll with the plan
Cause after that then I
Take it to the dome
Then I got to bone
Stay up in the zone
Got to get you home
Gotta run up on
And I do it (well well well well well)
Baby drop another slow jam
And all us lovers need hold hands
And if you ain't got no man hop up on my brohem
I keep it pimping like an old man
You got to roll with the plan
Cause after that then I
Take you to my home
And we could get it on
Disconnect the phone
Just to get you goin'
Trying to make you moan
And I do it (well well well well well)



[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya deez out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
Golly, more of that bullshit ice rap
I got to 'pologize to Mos and Kweli (probably)
But is it cool to rap about gold
If I told the world I copped it from Ghana and Mali? (Mali!)
First nigga with a Benz and a backpack
Ice chain, Cardi lens, and a knapsack
Always said if I rapped I'd say somethin' significant
But now I'm rappin' 'bout money, hoes, and rims again
And it's still about the Benjamins
Big faced hundreds and whatever other synonyms
Strippers named Cinnamon
More chips than Pentium
What'cha gon' buy next? Whatever new trend it is
I'm tryin' to spend my stacks
And I'm so broke I look back like "Damn, was I on crack?"
I mean twelve platinum chains, was I on that?
What the hell was wrong with me dog?
Sing along with my y'all

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya deez out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull the piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Now even though I went to college and dropped out of school quick
I always had a Ph.D.: a Pretty Huge Dick
Ladies tired of gettin' ripped off by guys like this
And givin' head is like a whale, using the toothpick'
Well, I'm in the club for a limited time
Act now and get some action for $free.99
Later on I might charge for ménage
Heard her man was the boss of the floss
But she still want to toss me the drawers
And it ain't gon' cost me because she my caddy
Cuz she grabbed my golf balls in the club
And I'm still actin' calm than a mug
She asked "Can you drive me and the hunnies to where my Altima was?"
While we drive she tellin' me 'bout problems with her man
Baby I fully understand
Let me help you with a plan
While he trickin' off, don't get no rich nigga
Give ME some head, that'll really piss hI'm off
[inhales]

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya deez out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull a piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I blow past low class niggas with no cash
In the fo' dash six, bitch you can go ask
So when I go fast popo just laugh
Right until I run out of gas or 'til I go crash
Whatever comes first I'm prepared for the worst
Whatever comes second I'll be there with my weapon
Pullin' up in the Lexuses/'lexeses, one on both hand
So I guess them GSes was ambidextrous
Coulda sworn her breasteses was sendin' me messages
"K I need a free hand mammogram
I got weed, drink, and a Handicam
All of which is legal in Amsterdam"
So say my name like Candyman
And I'ma come and fix you up like the handyman
But if you don't need a fix, girl you gotta leave
You can't take that all at one time ya gotta breathe

[Hook: Ludacris]
Yeah, breathe in, breathe out
If ya iced up, pull ya sleeves out
Push a big truck, pull ya keys out
Girls go wild and pull ya deez out
Breathe in, breathe out
Let them hoes fight, pull her weave out
If a nigga act up, pull a Desert E's out
When I pull a piece out niggas like "Peace out!"

["Can you say Chi city?" scratched repeatedly]



Now beat that
And your mothers sayin “go to college”
So u finish college and its wonderful
U feel so good
And after all the partying and crazing
And don’t forget about that drug habit u picked up at school bein around your peers
Hey now you’ll get that  25 thou, job a year and  
You’ll spend all your money on crack cocaine, but it’ll be you’re your money
No more borrowin money from mom for my high
So now you get ur degree tattooed on your back your so excited about it
If u continue to work at the GAP, after several interviews, Oh my god!
You’ll come in at an entry level position and when u do that
If u kiss enough ass, you’ll move up to the next level
Which is being a secretary’s secretary!
And boy is that great, you get to take messages for the secretary 
Who never went to college
Shes actually the bosses niece, so now your apart of the family
You know what college does for you?
It makes you really smart man
All you kids want to talk in the back of the class not me, I listened, ok
I was a hall monitor, This was meant to be, 
You know how many classes I took, extra classes extra classes
No I’ve never had sex but you know what, my degree keeps me satisfied
When a lady walks to me says “hey u know whats sexy?”
I say “no, I don’t know what it is, but I bet I can add up all the change in your purse very fast”.



[Intro]
School spirit motherfuckers

[Chorus]
Alpha, step. Omega, step
Kappa, step. Sigma, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw
AKA, step. Delta, step
S G Rho, step. Zeta, step
Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk
Oooh hecky naw that boy is raw

[Verse 1]
I'ma get on this TV, momma
I'ma, I'ma break shit down
I'ma make sure these light skinned niggaz
Never ever never come back in style
Told 'em I finished school, and I started my own business
They say, 'Oh you graduated?'
No, I decided I was finished
Chasin' y'all dreams and what you've got planned
Now I spit it so hot you got tanned
Back to school and I hate it there, I hate it there
Everything I want I gotta wait a year, I wait a year
This nigga graduated at the top of my class..
I went to Cheesecake, he was a motherfucking waiter there

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
I got a Jones like Norah for your sorror'
Bring more of them girls I've seen in the Aurora
Tammy, Becky, and Laura, or'a Shirley
I'm tryin' to hit it early, like I'm in a hurry
See, that's how dude became the young pootie tang tippy tow
Rocafella chain, yeah that's my rapper style
Rosary piece, yeah that's my Catholic style
Red and white One's, yeah that's my Kappa style
And I ain't even pledge
Crack my head on the steering wheel and I ain't even dead
If I could go through all that and still be breathing
Bitch bend over, I'm here for a reason

[Chorus]

[Outro]
I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz
WOO
There it was
I feel some woos coming on, cuz. A couple woos coming on, cuz
WOO, WOO
There they was
I feel a woo coming on, cuz. I feel a woo coming on, cuz
WOO
There it was
A couple woos coming on, cuz. A couple woos coming on, cuz
WOO, WOO
There they was



You keep it going man, you keep those books rolling,
You pick up those books your going to read
And not remember and you roll man.
You get that a sociate degree, okay,
Then you get your bachelors, then you get your masters
Then you get your master's masters,
Then you get your doctron,
You go man, then when everybody says quit
You show them those degree man, when
Everybody says hey, your not working,
Your not making in money,
You say look at my degrees and you look at my life,
Yeah i'm 52, so what, hate all you want,
But i'm smart, i'm so smart, and i'm in school,
And these guys are out here making 
Money all these ways, and i'm spended mine to be smart.
You know why?
Because when i die, buddy, you know
What going to keep me warm, that right, those degrees



[Man]
Hey Jimmy where you going?

[Jimmy]
I dont know where I'm goin.
My Dad died, and he left me his degrees.
My mom would always say "Dad, why dont you work?", 
But he just kept learning.
All the other kids parents were working and saving up money for school, 
And I was actaully in school all when my dad was in school.
He was so gready with degrees, he took my degree.
And now I'm just glad he left me these.
Because all the regular homeless people have newspaper, and look what I have. 
These are documented.
My father left them for me.
And Im going to leave them to my kids.
I'm going to learn too.
I'm going to get super smart, so I to can die without money.
But I'll be the smartest dead guy.
Who has that.



[Kanye West]
We in the streets playa, getcha mail
It's only two places you'll end up - either dead or in jail
Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go
Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas, boostas, hoes
Everybody, fuck that
Still nowhere to go...sill nowhere to go..

[Mos Def]
Two words, United States, no love, no brakes
Low brow, high stakes, crack smoke, black folks
Big Macs, fat folks, ecstasy capsules
Presidential scandals, everybody MOVE
Two words, Mos Def, K West, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game ball, lock shit, dump off, cock shit
We won't stop shit, everybody MOVE
Two words, BK , NY, bedstuy
Two hawks, too hungry, too many, that's why
These streets know game, can't ball, don't play
Every traffic, one lane, everybody MOVE
Two words, Mos Def, black check, hot shit
Calm down, get back, ghetto people, got this
Game point lock, long pump cocked
We won't stop, everybody MOVE

[Chorus: Kanye West (Harlem Boys Choir)]

[1] - Now throw ya hands up bustless, bustas (Throw your hands up high)
Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

[2] - and keep ya hands up bustless, bustas (Till they reach the sky)
Boostas, hoes, everybody, fuck that (ohhhhhh)
Still nowhere to go...still nowhere to go... (ohhhhhh)

[Kanye West (Harlem Boys Choir)]
Aiyyo, two words, Chi town, South side, world wide
Cuz I, rep that, till I, fuckin die
One neck, two chains, one waist, two gats
One wall, twenty plaques, dudes say, "Gimme that"
I am limelight, Blueprint, 5 Mics
Go getters rhyme like, shoulda been signed twice
Most imitated, Grammy nominated
Hotel accommodated, cheerleader, prom dated
Barbershop, playa hated, mom and pop, bootlegged it
Felt like it rained till the roof caved in
Two words, Chi town, raised me, crazy
So I live by two words, "Fuck you, pay me"
Screamin, Jesus save me
You know how the game be
I can't let em change me
Cuz on Judgment Day, you gon blame me
Look God, it's the same me
I (Throw) basically know now (Your) we could (Up) racially profile (High)
Cuffed up and hosed down, pimped up and hoe down (ohhhhhh)
Plus I got a whole city to hold down (ohhhhhh)
From the bottom to the top
The only place to go down

[Chorus 2nd verse]

[Freeway]
Two words, Freeway, two letters, A-R
Turn y'all rap niggaz into two words, fast runners
Like Jackie Jurner, you better sleep with your burner
The heat skeet, blow a reef through ya car
My God, two words, no guns, break arms
Break necks, break backs, Steven Segul
Free...young bars, fresh men of the Roc
Left the beef in the pot Jay sent for his dogs
and broads, forget ya squad, let em find for yourself
Have you screamin out four words "Send for the Lord"
Two words, Freeway's slightly retarded
Fuck around, throw a clip in ya artist, leave with his broad..

[Harlem Boys Choir (Mos Def)]
Throw... (red) Your... (white)
Hands... (blue) Up... (black)

Throw... (calm) Your... (down)
Hands... (move) Up... (back)

Throw... (motherfuckers) Your... (askin)
Hands... (who is) Up... (that)

Throw... (you know) Your... (it's the)
Hands... (almighty) Up... (Mighty Johnny Jack)

Throw... (Mos) Your... (Def)
Hands... (K) Up... (West)

Throw... (there go) Your... (people)
Hands... (get this) Up... (shit off ya chest)

Throw... (north) Your... (to the south)
Hands... (to the east) Up... (to the west)

Throw... (we got) Your... (that concert)
Hands... (it was no) Up... (contest)

HIGH! (an show it to em like)



Yo G they can't stop me from rapping can they?
Can they, huh?

[Chorus:]
Through the fire, to the limit, to the wall
For a chance to be with you, I'd gladly risk it all
Through the fire, through whatever come what may
For a chance at loving you, I'd take it all away
Right down through the wire, even through the fire

I spit it through the wire man
There's too much stuff on my heart right now man
I'll gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation man
Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now man
It's your boy Kanye to the...
Chi-Town what's going on

[Verse 1:]
I drink a boost for breakfast, and ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man bizzerk
Not to worry Mr. H 2 the Izzo's back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support?
Telling her your son's on life support
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal she been trying to be mine
She a delta so she been throwing them Dynasty signs
No use me tryin' to be lyin'
I been trying to be signed
Trying to be a millionaire
How I use two lifelines
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots
But I ain't Jamaican man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear this right here is history in the making man

[Chorus]

I really apologize how I sound right now man
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut for like I don't know the doctor said for like six weeks
You know we had reconstru...
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
Looked in the mirror half my jaw was in the back of my mouth man
I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for you all right now yo
This is what I gotta say yo
Yeah, turn me up yeah

[Verse 2:]
What if somebody from the Chi that was ill got a deal on the hottest rap label around
But he wasn't talking bout coke and birds it was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of an eye his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt you would know how Mace felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God driver two wanna sue
I got lawyer for the case to keep what's in my safe; safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I
I look like Tom Cruise on Vanilla Sky, it was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must gotta angel
Cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, would you thought they called me Mr. Glass
Look back on my life like the ghost of Christmas past
Toys R Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid shit that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire

[Chorus]

Know what I'm saying
When the doctor told me I had a um..  I was going to have a plate on my chin
I said dawg don't you realize I'll never make it on the plane now
Its bad enough I got all this jewelry on
Can't be serious man

[Chorus repeats till fade]



[Intro: Kanye West]
How's your son? (all, all, all the things, things)
He make the team this year? (all, all, all the things things)
Aw th-, they said he wasn't tall enough?
(all, all, all the glitter is not gold)
Yeah me we gon' cook this up (now gold is not a reality)
(real is what you live to be)

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
This is family business
And this is for the family that can't be with us
And this is for my cousin locked down, know the answer's in us
That's why I spit it in my songs so sweet
Like a photo of your granny's picture
Now that you're gone it hit us
Super hard on Thankgiving and Christmas, this can't be right
Yeah you heard the track I did man, this can't be life
Somebody please say grace so I can save face
And have a reason to cover my face
I even made you a plate, soul food, know how Granny do it
Monkey bread on the side, know how the family do it
When I brought it why had guard have to look all to it?
As kids we used to laugh
Who knew that life would move this fast?
Who knew I'd have to look at you through a glass?
And look, tell me you ain't did it, you ain't did it
And if you did, then that's family business

[Hook: Choir]
And I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
All these fancy things
I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold
Now all I know I know all these things

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
This is family business
And this is for everybody standin' with us
Come on, let's take a family Grammy picture
Abby, remember when they ain't believe in me?
Now she like "See, that's my cousin on TV"
Now, we gettin' it and we gon' make it
And y'all gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma, get 'em shook up
Aw naw, don't open the photo book up
I got an Aunt Ruth that can't remember your name
But I bet them Polaroids'll send her down memory lane
You know that one auntie, you don't wanna be rude
But every holiday nobody eatin' her food
And you don't wanna stay there cuz them your worst cousins
Got roaches at their crib like them your first cousins
Act like you ain't took a bath with your cousins
Fit three in the bed while six of y'all
I'm talkin' 'bout three by the head and three by the leg
But you ain't have to tell my girl I used to pee in the bed

[Interlude: Choir]
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say
Rain, rain, rain go away
Let the sun come out and all the children say

[Verse 3: Kanye West]
I woke up early this mornin' with a new state of mind
A creative way to rhyme without usin' knives and guns
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to God
And keep your face to the risin' sun
All my niggas from the Chi, that's my family dog
And my niggas ain't my guys, they my family dog
I feel like one day you'll understand me dog
You can still love your man and be manly dog
You ain't got to get heated at every house warmin'
Sittin' here, grillin' people like George Foreman
Why Uncle Ray and Aunt Shiela always performin'?
The second she storms out then he storms in
Y'all gon' sit down, have a good time this reunion
And drink some wine like Communion
And act like everything fine and if it isn't
We ain't lettin' everybody in our family business

[Interlude: Choir]
(all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
They don't mean a thing
(all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing, a thing

[Hook: Choir]
And I don't care 'bout (all the, all the diamond rings, diamond rings)
They don't mean a thing (all, all, all the things)
All these fancy things
I tell you that all (all the glitter) my weight in gold
Now all I know I know all these things

[Females:] (oooh) All these things (these things)
[Males:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[F:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[M:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[F:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[M:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[F:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)
[M:] All these things (oooh) all these things (these things)



[Intro: Jay-Z (Kanye)]
[laughing]
Yo fuck you, Kanye, first and foremost
For making me do this shit. Muh'fucker
Had to throw everybody out the motherfucking room
'Cause they don't fucking..

(I'd like to propose a toast)
(I said toast motherfucker)

[Chorus: Kanye]
And I am (here's to the roc)
And they ask me, they ask me, they ask me, I tell them (here's to Rocafella)
Raise your glasses, your glasses, your glasses to the sky (here's to the roc)
This is the last call for alcohol, for the... (here's to Rocafella)
So get your ass up off the wall

[Verse 1]
The all around the world Digital Underground, Pac
The Rudloph the red nosed reindeer of the Roc
I take my chain, my 15 seconds of fame
And come back next year with the whole fucking game
Ain't nobody expect Kanye to end up on top
They expected that College Dropout to drop and then flop
Then maybe he stop savin' all the good beats for himself
Rocafella's only niggaz that help
My money was thinner than Sean Paul's goatee hair
Now Jean Paul Gaultier cologne fill the air, here
They say he bourgie, he big-headed
Won't you please stop talking about how my dick head is
Flow infectious, give me 10 seconds
I'll have a buzz bigger than insects in Texas
It's funny how wasn't nobody interested
'Til the night I almost killed myself in Lexus

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Now was Kanye the most overlooked? Yes sir
Now is Kanye the most overbooked? Yes sir
Though the fans want the feeling of A Tribe Called Quest
But all they got left is this guy called West
Better take Freeway, throw him on tracks with Mos Def
Call him Kwa-lI or Kwe-li, I put him on songs with Jay-Z
I'm the Gap like Banana Republic and Old Navy, and oooh
It come out sweeter than old Sadie
Nice as Bun-B when I met him at the Source awards
Girl he had with him - ass coulda won the horse awards
And I was almost famous, now everybody loves Kanye
I'm almost Raymond'
Some say he arrogant. Can y'all blame him?
It was straight embarrassing how y'all played him
Last year shoppin my demo, I was tryin' to shine
Every motherfucker told me that I couldn't rhyme
Now I could let these dream killers kill my self-esteem
Or use my arrogance as the steam to power my dreams
I use it as my gas, so they say that I'm gassed
But without it I'd be last, so I ought to laugh
So I don't listen to the suits behind the desk no more
You niggaz wear suits 'cause you can't dress no more
You can't say shit to Kanye West no more
I rocked 20,000 people, I was just on tour, nigga
I'm Kan, the Louis Vuitton Don
Bought my mom a purse, now she Louis Vuitton Mom
I ain't play the hand I was dealt, I changed my cards
I prayed to the skies and I changed my stars
I went to the malls and I balled too hard
'Oh my god, is that a Black Card?'
I turned around and replied, why yes but I prefer the term
African American Express
Brains, power, and muscle, like Dame, Puffy, and Russell
Your boy back on his hustle, you know what I've been up to
Killin y'all niggaz on that lyrical shit
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips

[Chorus]
"... last call for alcohol, for my niggaz"

[Outro]
So this A&R over at Rocafella, named Hiphop
picked the Truth beat for Beanie. And I was in the session with him
I had my demo with me. You know, like I always do
I play the songs, he's like "Who that spittin?"
I'm like "It's me." He's like "Oh, well okay."
Uhh, he started talkin to me on the phone
going back and forth, just askin me to send him beats
And I'm thinking he's trying to get into managing producers
cause he had this other kid named Just Blaze he was messin with
And um, he was friends with my mentor, No ID
And No ID told him, "look man, you wanna mess with Kanye
you need to tell him that you like the way he rap"
[No ID:] "Yo, you wanna sign him, tell him you like how he rap"
I was all, I dunno if he was gassin' me or not
but he's like he wanna manage me as a rapper AND a producer
[Hiphop:] "I'll sign you as a producer and a rapper",
I'm like oh shit
I was messin with, uh, D-Dot also
People were like this, started talking about the Ghost production
But that's how I got in the game. If it wasn't for that, I wouldn't be here
So you know. After they picked that Truth beat
I was figuring I was gonna do some more work
But shit just went poppin off like that. I was stayin in Chicago
I had my own apartment. I be doin' like, just beats for local acts
just to try to keep the lights on, and then to go out and buy
get a Pelle Pelle off lay-away, get some Jordans or something
or get a TechnoMarine, that's what we wore back then
I made this one beat where I sped up this Hal Melville sample
I played it for Hip over the phone, he's like "oh, yo that shit is crazy
Jay might want it for this compilation album he doin, called The Dynasty."
And at that time, like the drums really weren't soundin' right to me
so I went and um, I was listening to Dre Chronic 2001 at that time
and really I just, like picked the drums off Xxplosive and put it like
with it sped up, sampled, and now it's kind of like my whole style
when it started, when he rapped on 'This Can't be Life.'
And that was like, really the first beat of that kind that was on the Dynasty album
I could say that was the, the resurgence of this whole sound
You know, I got to come in and track the beat, and at the time
I was still with my other management. I really wanted to roll with
Hiphop. 'Cause I, I just needed some fresh air, you know what I'm
sayin, 'cause I been there for a while, I appreciated what they did
for me, but, you know there's a time in every man's life where he
gotta make a change, try to move up to the next level. And that day I
came and I tracked the beat and I got to meet Jay-Z and he said, "oh
you a real soulful dude" [Jay-Z: "you a real soulful dude"]. And he
uh, played the song 'cause he already spit his verse by the time I got
to the studio, you know how he do it, one take. And he said
[Jay-Z:] "check this out, tell me what you think of this, right here"
"tell me what you think of this." And I heard it, and I was thinking
like, man, I really wanted more like of the simple type Jay-Z, I ain't
want like the, the more introspective, complicated rhy- or the, in my
personal opinion. So he asked me, "what you think of it?"
[Jay-Z:] "so what you thinkin?"
And I was like, "man that shit tite,"
you know what I'm sayin', man what I'ma tell him? I was on the train
man, you know. So after that I went back home. And man I'm, I'm just
in Chicago, I'm trying to do my thing. You know, I got groups. I got
acts I'm trying to get on, and like there wasn't nothin really like
poppin' off the way it should have been. One of my homeys that was one
of my artists, he got signed. But it was supposed to really go through
my production company, but he ended up going straight with the
company. So, like I'm just straight holdin' the phone, gettin' the bad
news that dude was tryin' to leave my company. And I got evicted at
the same time. So I went down and tracked the beats from him, I took
that money, came back, packed all my shit up in a U-Haul, maybe about
ten days before I had to actually get out. So I ain't have to deal
with the landlord 'cause he's a jerk. Me and my mother drove to
[Mother:] "Come on, let's just go"
Newark, New Jersey. I hadn't even seen my apartment.
I remember I pulled up
[Mother:] "Kanye, baby, we're here",
I unpacked all my shit. You know, we went to Ikea, I bought a
bed, I put the bed together myself. I loaded up all my equipment, and
the first beat I made was, uh, 'Heart of the City.'
And Beans was still working on his album at that time, so I came up
there to Baseline, it was Beans' birthday, matter of fact, and I
played like seven beats. And, you know I could see he's in the zone
he already had the beats that he wanted, I did nothing like already at
that time. But then Jay walked in. I remember he had a GuccI bucket
hat on. I remember it like, like it was yesterday. And Hiphop said
"yo play that one beat for him." And I played 'Heart of the City.' And
really I made 'Heart of the City,' I really wanted to give that beat to DMX.
[Hiphop:] "No I think Jay gon' like this one right here".
And I played another beat, and I played another beat. And I remember that
GuccI bucket, he took it and like put it over his face and made one of
them faces like 'OOOOOOOOOOH.' Two days later I'm in Baseline and I seen
Dame. Dame didn't know who I was and I was like "yo what's up I'm Kanye."
[Dame:] "Yo, you that kid, Kanye?"
"You that kid that gave all them beats to Jay?
Yo, this nigga got classics"
[Dame:] "Jay got classics, G."
You know I ain't talkin shit.
I'm like "oh shit." And all this time I'm starstruck, man. I'm
still thinking 'bout, you know I'm picturing these niggaz on the show
The Streets is Watching, I'm lookin, these were superstars in my
eyes. And they still are, you know. So, Jay came in and he spit all
these songs like in one day, and in two days... I gotta bring up one
thing, you know, come back to the story, the day I did the 'Can't be
Life' beat on track, I remember Lenny S, he had some Louis Vuitton
sneakers on, he think he fly. And Hiphop was there, I think Tata, John
Minnelli, a bunch of people. I didn't know all these people at the
time they was in the room, and I said, "yo Jay I could rap." And I
spit this rap that said, uh "I'm killin y'all niggaz on that lyrical
shit. Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push miracle whips." And I saw his
eyes light up when I said that line. But you know the West, the rap
was like real wack and shit, so that's all the response.
He said "man that was tite."
[Jay-Z:] "That, that was cool. That was hot."
That was it. You know, I ain't get no deal then, hehe.
Okay, fast forward.
So, Blueprint, H to the Izzo, my first hit single. And I just
took that proudly, built relationships with people. My relationship
with KwelI I think was one of the best ones to ever happen to my
career as a rapper. Because, you know, of course later he allowed me
to go on tour with him. Man, I appre-- I love him for that. And at
this time, you know I didn't have a deal, I had songs, and I had
relationships with all these A&R's, and they wanted beats from me, so
they'd call me up, I'd play them some beats. "Gimme a beat that sound
like Jay-Z." You know, they dick riders. Whatever. So I'll play them
these post-Blueprint beats or whatever and then I'll play my shit. I'll
be like, "yo but I rap too." Hey, I guess they was lookin' at me crazy
'cause you know, 'cause I ain't have a jersey on or whatever
Everybody out there listen here. I played them 'Jesus Walks' and they
didn't sign me. You know what happened, it was some A&R's that fucked
with me though, but then like the heads, it'd be somebody at the
company that'll say "naw." Like, Dave LottI fucked with me, my
nigga Mel brought me to a bunch of labels. Jessica Rivera, man
[Jessica:] "Man, you niggaz is stupid if y'all don't sign Kanye, for real."
I'm not gonna say nothin to mess my promotion up
"Y'all niggaz is stupid". Let's just say I didn't get my deal.
The nigga that was behind me, I mean,
he wasn't even a nigga, you know?
The person who actually kicked everything off was Joe 3H from Capitol
Records. He wanted to sign me really bad.
[Joe:] "We gonna change the game, buddy."
Dame was like, "yo you got a deal with Capitol,
okay man, just make sure it's not wack."
[Dame:] "you gotta make sure it's not wack."
Then one day I just went ahead and played it, I wanted to
play some songs, 'cause you know Cam was in the room, Young Guru, and
Dame was in the room. So I played... actually it's a song that you'll
never hear, but maybe I might use it. So, it's called 'Wow.'
"I go to Jacob with 25 thou, you go with 25 hundred, wow
I got eleven plaques on my walls right now
You got your first gold single, damn, nigga, wow."
Like the chorus went. Don't bite that chorus, I might still use it. So
I play that song for him, and he's like "oh shit"
[Dame:] "Oh shit it's not even wack."
"I ain't gonna front, it's kinda hot."
[Dame:] "it's actually kinda hot."
Like they still weren't looking at me
like a rapper. And I'm sure Dame figured, 'like man. If he do a whole
album, if his raps is wack at least we can throw Cam on every song and
save the album, you know. So uh Dame took me into the office, and he's
like "yo man, we, we on a brick, we on a brick"
[Dame:] "you don't wanna catch a brick"
You gotta be under an umbrella, you'll get rained on.
I told Hiphop and Hiphop was all, "oh, word?" Actually, even with
that I was still about to take the deal with Capitol 'cause it was
already on the table and 'cause of my relationship with 3H. That, you
know, 'cause I told him I was gonna do it, and I'm a man of my word, I
was gonna roll with what I said I was gonna do. Then, you know, I'm
not gonna name no names, but people told me, "oh he's just a producer
rapper" and told 3H that told the heads of the Capitol, and right--
the day I'm talking about, I planned out everything I was gonna do
man, I had picked out clothes, I already started booking studio
sessions, I started arranging my album, thinking of marketing schemes
man I was ready to go. And they had Mel call me, they said
"yo... Capitol pulled on the deal"
[Mel:] "Yo, Capitol pulled out on the deal."
And, you know I told them that Rocafella was interested
and I don't know if they thought that was just something I was saying
to gas them up to try to push the price up or whatever. I went up... I
called G, I said, "man, you think we could still get that deal with Rocafella?"



[Bernie Mac]
[laughs]
I knew I was gonna see ya, I knew I was gonna see you again!
I was gonna see you again
Where your god damn book bag at?
Always carryin' that lil book bag
Nobody wanna see that
God damn fourth grader
Sit yo' ass down
?? wanna play it again like he got somethin else to do
You ain't got nothin' else to do
You ain't doin nothin wit yo life
[piano starts]
Nothing with your life
What do you think this is?
You betta look at me when i'm talkin' to you!
You think this is easy don't you?
You think this is promised
Oh ain't nothin promised with you
Look at my face, do I got a promise face?
Does it look like promise you anything?
Kanye!
Ni**a! Is you snorin' in my class?
Wake up Mr. West! Mr. West 
[echoes into next song]



Wake up, Mr. West

And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way,
So this is in the name of love, like Robert say

Before you ask me to go get a job today,
Can I at least get a raise on the minimum wage?
And I know the government administer AIDS,
So I guess we just pray like the minister say,

Allāhu Akbar
And throw 'em some hot cars,
The things we see on the screen that's not ours,
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far

Where I'm from,
The dope boys is the rock stars,
But they can't cop cars without seein' cop cars,
I guess they want us all behind bars.
I know it.

Uh, and I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way)

They say people in your life are seasons,
And anything that happen is for a reason,
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezin',
And Gran keep prayin' and keep believin'
In Jesus and one day that you see him,
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him,

The devil is alive I feel him breathin',
Claimin' money is the key so keep on dreamin',
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us,
My aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down,
So now my little cousin's smoking them cigarettes now,
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now,
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out...
I'm sick of it now

Uh, and I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way)

With every worthless word we get more far away,
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today,
And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way



I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky

Back when they thought pink Polos'd hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the Lox (locks)
Now let's go

Take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in the U-Haul van
Any pessimists I ain't talked to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apartment

Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about a hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance
I went to Jacob a hour after I got my advance
I just wanted to shine

Jay favorite line: "Dog, in due time"
Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am."
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in a accident 'cause this must be heaven

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky

Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)
Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)

Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say "I get it"
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket

Before anybody wanted K-West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"

Baby, I'm going on an airplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different

Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryna right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song

Now I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl!
Testify
Come up in the spot
Looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky

[Lupe Fiasco:]
Yes, yes, yes guess who's on third?
Lupe steal like Lupin the Third
Hear like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb
Peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm laying on the street
I'm tryna stop Lion like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lying when I'm laying on the beat
En garde, touché Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
I come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are like

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl
Testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky

We back at home, baby
Sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
Sky, sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high

Keep it rolling
Feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!



[Jamie Foxx]
She take my money when I'm in need
Yeah she's a trifling friend indeed
Oh she's a gold digger way over town
That digs on me

[Chorus:]
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl gone head

[Verse 1:]
Cutie the bomb
Met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton
Under her underarm
She said I can tell you rock
I can tell by your charm
Far as girls you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm
But I'm looking for the one
Have you seen her?
My psychic told me she have an ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad ass to show-biz
OK get your kids but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to Den and then I had to pay
If you fucking with this girl then you better be paid
You know why?
It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend says she use to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say I still love her

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
18 years, 18 years
She got one of your kids, got you for 18 years
I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids
His baby mamma car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Superbowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty TYCO with your money
She went to the doctor got lipo with your money
She walking around looking like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured got GEICO for your money, money, money
If you ain't no punk holla we want prenup
WE WANT PRENUP! Yeah
It's something that you need to have
'Cause when she leave yo ass she gon' leave with half
18 years, 18 years
And on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Now I ain't saying you're a gold digger you got needs
You don't want your dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But why y'all washing watch him
He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look in his eyes
This week he mopping floors, next week it's the fries
So, stick by his side
I know this dude's balling but yeah that's nice
And they gone keep calling and trying
But you stay right girl
And when you get on he leave your ass for a white girl

Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head
(lemme hear that back)



I brought you brothers here to start our own fraternity
Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it.
Broke Phi Broke (we ain't got it)
No, we have no money 
We are sharin' jeans.
If I go outside, I got the only clothing on.
How many cars do we own? (None!)
How many cars do we own? (None, sir!)
Should we let our woman go and be with the cat in the car?
Yes, we will.
Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me!
(We can't afford no gas!)
Say it!
(We can't afford no gas!)
So we ain't drivin'!



[Chorus:]
Drive slow homey
Drive slow homey
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

[Kanye:]
My homey Mali used to stay one 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street form Calumet a school full of stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'd leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
Walk around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Dayton's in his hand
Keys in his hand reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Alesis he had dreams of Caprice's
Drove by the teachers even more by police's
How he get that cash today his father passed away
Left him with a little something 16 he was stunting
Al B Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit lakeshore girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway go at least bout 80
Boned so much that summer even had him a baby
See back back then then if you had a car
You were the Chi town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'll take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had the Lincoln's and Aurora's we were hurting them all
With the girls a lot of flirting involved
But dawg fuck all that flirting I'm trying to get in some draws
So put me on with these hoes homey's
He told me don't rush to get grown drive slow homey
Drive slow homie
Drive slow...
Ya never know homey about these hoes homey
Ya need to pump your breaks and drive slow homey

[Paul Wall:]
What It do
I'm posted up in the parking lot my trunk wavin'
The candy gloss is immaculate and is simply amazing
Them elbows poking wide on that Candy-lac
Trunk open, screen's on, neon's lit with fifth relax
I'm on a mission for dime piece's and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them 4's crawling, you see them screens falling
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm balling
I'm leaning on a switch sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boopas if I drove a cab
A young Houston hard hitter all about the scrilla
Riding some candy coated crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on those 4's I'm jamming off this screw
I'm looking for them hoes baby what it do?

[Chorus:]
Drive slow homey
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow homey
If you riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow homey
Live today cause tomorrow man you never know
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

[Kanye:]
My cars like the movies my cars like the crib
I got more TV's in here then where I live

[GLC:]
And it don't make no sense but baby I'm the shit
And everything I flip you know is something serious
I got the custom grill I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics baby that's evident
You see a player flicking and you ain't convinced
That you should go and kiss it just a little bit
I wear my custom kicks I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleaming though my angle wings
They see me hoes acting like they seen a king
With that mean lean smoking on the finest Cali green
My wood grain oak I'm riding on vogues
My cylinder quiet like tip toes
I sold O's and this I know
When you see them hoes little homey drive slow

Chopped and Screwed
Yeah..
Drive slow homey
Drive slow homey
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
Drive slow homey



Yeah

I'm on my way home

They say home is where the hate is
My dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to god that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubberband together in cashless bundles
We wear struggling chains
Divided only hustle remains
Making sense of it we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game
It's another name
For life fighting
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fighting for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he only get as high as he fell
Show money becomes bail
Relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale
Behold the pale
Horse got me trapped like r. kel', I bail and it-

Might not be such a bad idea if I never, never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago
But no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is
Home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again.



[Hook]
[Kanye]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Verse 1]
[Kanye]
How we stop the black panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that?
What Jill Scott was hearin
When our heroes and heroines got hooked on heroin.
Crack raised the murder rate in DC and Maryland
We invested in that it's like we got Merril-Lynched
And we been hangin from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it,sell it
The fiends cop it
Nowadays they cant tell if that's that good shit
We ain't sure man
Put the CD on your toungue yeah, thats pure man.

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
From the place where the fathers gone,
The mothers is hardly home
And the...
Gonna lock us up in "Audy Home"
How the Mexicans say we just tryin to party homes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical,
Am and Hammer baking soda
Raised they own quota
Writin when our soldiers ran for the stove cuz--
Cuz dreams of being 'Hova went from bein a brokeman ta bein a dopeman
Ta bein a president look theres hope man
This that inspiration for tha mos and tha folks man,
Shorty come and see if mama straight overdosin.
And this is the soundtrack,
This tha type of music you make when you round that--
Crack music nigga,
That real black music nigga.

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Kanye]
God-how could you let this happen, happen, happen, happen, happen, happen?

La-la-la [etc.]

[Kanye]
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Kanye]
That's that crack music, crack music,that real black music, black music

[Malik Yusef]
Our father, give us this day our daily bread ...give us these days and take our daily bread,
See I done did all this ole bullshit
And to attone I throw a little somethin, somethin on the pulpit.
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mammas aint got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gonna repo everything they ever took from granny
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction those who ain't even black use it.



[Verse 1]

[Kanye West]
I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers
The doctor dont wanna take procedures
He claim my heart can't take the anastesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
The little thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beeping,
Hey chick, im at a lost for words
What do you say at this time?
Remember when I was nine?
Tell her everything gone be fine?
But i'd be lying, the family crying
They want her to live, and she trying
I'm argueing like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people thats paid,
If Magic Johnson got a cure for A.I.D.S.
And all the broke muthafuckers past away
You tellin me if my grandma was in the N.B.A.
Right now she'd be ok?
But since she was just a secretary
Working for the church
For thirty five years
Things sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong,
Thats where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "did you do the research?"
She ask me, "can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch is you smokin reefer?
You dont see that we hurt
But still...

[Chorus]

...I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

[Verse 2]

[Kanye West]
They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heart beat, beat, beat
If she gone pull through
We gone find out soon
But right now she sleep, sleep, sleep
My mama say, they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick what these doctors know anyway
Let me see the X-rays
I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off for work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Claire and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties, we could have an Auntie team
Feel like Amerie "Its this one thing"
When they said that she made it
You see the eyes gleam
I think we at an all time high
To get there we run, we fly, we drive
Coz with my family we know where home is
So instead of sending flowers
We the roses...

[Chorus]

I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

Who brings the sunshine?

Ohhhhh I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to breaK



[Chorus: Brandy]
I always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Down, way down

[Kanye]
We're going to mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they're gonna have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'cause when I was barely living, that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some lee way on the he say she say
You girl don't like me, how long has she been gay
Spanish girls say "No hable inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dog, If I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dog, If I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mill myself, and I'm still myself
And I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, you all fronting
Everybody feel a way about K but at least you all feel something

[Brandy]
Why you come here, I bet it only it was forget to get you
What kind of dream we found, see I'm often at your cross way
forgetting it was that heaven let you. They tried to bring me down

[Chorus - 5X]



[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm on drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be, spontaneous
Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, then I'm co coming over
Cuz its ne-never over

[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blow
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do something to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, and I keep co coming over
Cuz its ne-never over

[Chorus]
[Female Voice (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But... (You Make Me Smile)

(You make me smile with my heart)

[INSTRUMENTAL]

[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But... (You make me smile, With my heart)

I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um
Let how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends
Remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, Ok, Ok (You make me smile with my heart)
I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just
Uhh not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly
I mean let it be
Just let it be
I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, Baby, Baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it

(You make me smile...)



We broke, broke broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Don't spend no money
Ain't got no clothes
Ain't got no cars
Ain't got no hos
We broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Got no money (got no money)
We got no clothes (got no clothes)
Ain't got no cars (got no cars)
Can't get no hos
We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke
Buncha niggas
Broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!



[Intro:]
Diamonds are forever
They're all I need to please me
They can't stimulate or tease me
They won't leave in the night
Have no fear that they might
Desert me

[Hook:]
"Diamonds are forever forever forever"
Throw ya diamonds in the sky
If you feel the vibe
"Diamonds are forever forever forever"
The ROC is still alive
Everytime I rhyme
"Forever and ever! "
For ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever?
Ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever?

[Verse 1:]
Good Morning, this ain't Vietnam still
People lose hands, legs, arms for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of Diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin bout the ones that be glowin
I'm talkin bout Rocafella, my home, my chain
These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob? don't lie to me mayne
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin',
How? when I know of the blood diamonds
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today
Over here, it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there, they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus Piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person's soul to rock that gold
Spend ya whole life tryna get that ice
On a polo rugby it look so nice
How could somethin' so wrong make me feel so right, right?
'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You could still throw ya Rocafella diamond tonight, 'cause

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
[Kanye From Original Song:]
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back (uh)
That'll be the same day I give the game back (uh)
You know the next question dog 'yo, where Dame at? ' (uh)
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back (whoo!)
'Wassup with you a Jay man, are ya'll okay man? '
[Jay-Z:]
Yep!
I got it from here 'ye damn!
The chain remains, the game is in tact
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack? [laughs]
Pardon me I had to laugh at that
How could you falter when you're the rock of Gibraltar
I had to get of the boat so I could walk on water
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin to me
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep,
I sold Kilos of coke, (so?) I'm guessin' I can sell CD's
I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man
Let me handle my buisness, damn!
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway and Foxy
YG', Teairra Mari, Petey watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
As long as I'm alive, he's a millionaire
And even if I die, he's in my will somewhere
So he can just kick back and chill somewhere, oh yeah
He don't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey was in the rear sayin exactly
What I was sayin practically me whole career
The diamond is forever, I been minin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
Instead we rose from the ashes like a phoenix
If you waitin' for the end of the dynasty sign
It'll seem like forever is a mighty long time
I'm young bitches [laughs]
Goodnight!



[Chorus]
You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothin to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Cool off thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

We major (come on, homie, we major) [repeat]

Feeling better than some head on a sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes to soon
Until you have a daughter, that's what I call karma
And you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon.
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit but he had that nine
Nigga come through flickin' and he had that shine
Put two and two together in a little bad weather
Gon' be a whole family on that funeral line
Ask the reverand was the strip club cool if my tips help send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want like wino's want they good whisky
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

[chorus]

[Nas:]
I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line, should it be about the hos or the ice?
Four-four's or black christ? Both flows would be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man's plight
At the studio consol asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
He said, Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, Stillmatic
Picked up the pad and pencil and jotted what I feel
Been like 12 years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent
And I'm thinking it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cuz rappers be deprived of executive 9 to 5s
And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony where King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasting longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke.

Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never is orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

[chorus]



This was founded years ago
By broke slaves, years ago
Who did not have, years ago
By broke brothas in the 20s, years ago
Who did not have when we could not eat 
Hmm, remember that?
Eating all of our cereal with forks because we wanted to save the milk, do you remember that? Hmm?
Do you remember all those Christmases when your Mama walked in the room and pretended she was the tree, huh?
Remember that?



[Chorus]
(Hey Mama), I wanna scream so loud for you, cuz I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, (Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me (Hey Mama)

[Verse 1]
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take yall back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if yall don't mind
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy cant you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy Imma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you aint gotta work no more
And Imma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A livin legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Forrest Gump mama said, life is like a box of chocolates
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir please
Give me a verse of "You, Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nicky Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, yall say Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
I guess it also depends tho, if my ends low
Second they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)

[Verse 3]
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
Imma get you a jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say (Hey Mama)

[Chorus (with variations)]



Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass 
After that I grab yo ass

Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for?
"I never did this before..."
Stop that
What, you want some petron?
I got that.
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw 
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talkin is gon' give me a tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of ya'll
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris and some Mo
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it bloooooow

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that, I grab yo ass

See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was praticing 
Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident 
So go head pop some Cristal 
For my newborn child cuz now y'all

Know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some cris and some mo
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it bloooooow

Ho! Ho! (We lookin' for some) Ho! Ho!



[Quietly]
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
[Louder]
Broke, broke broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi- 

[Leader:] I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us.
There is an imposter among us.
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has.
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us.
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day.
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us.
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes.
I found new shoes!
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?!

[Kanye: (stammering)] I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-

[Leader:] No, you speak up, brother!

[Kanye:] I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and-

[Leader:] What?

[Kanye:] I wanna stick to my roots, and-

[Leader:] What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye.
Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like
That, all right? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke.

What's next?



Wished I had told
Ooh was (the) only one
But it's too late, it's too late
He's gone

[Kanye West]
You sweat her, and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a big L, and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least 20 Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
BROTHER NUMPSAY!  Groupies sound too choosy
Take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Friday's, I still have it my way

[Chorus]
Too late, we, gone - we strivin home
Gone - we ride on chrome
It's too late

[Kanye West]
Y'all don't want no prob from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer, in the win-turr
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught somethin on the Usher tour he had to "Let it Burn"
Plus he already got three chil'run
Arguin over babysitters like, "Bitch - it's yo' turn!"
Damn 'Ye, it'd be stupid to ditch you
Even your superficial raps is super official
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TV's in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with doobie long
Cause the dookie's on any song that they threw me on, gone

[Chorus]
We strivin home, gone
[Cam] I ride on chrome...
We strivin home, gone
[Cam] Killa, I ride on chrome

[Cam'Ron]
Knock knock, who's there?  Killa Cam, Killa who?
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, gorilla true
Oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer
Well here's the deal ma we goin to the dealer booth
No concealin, no ceiling I don't need a roof
Act up, get out, I don't need you poof
Poof, be gone, damn tough luck dag
Dag, niggaz still doin puff puff pass
Pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em
Hey, back in a touched up Jag, shit
Y'all niggaz want Killa Cam, cerebellum
An old man just gon' tell 'em (too late, he, gone)
Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm (gone)
My last girl want me back then I'm on
Fine stay, you got the grind hey
Came back, read what the sign say (too late, he, gone)
Yes I know you wanna see my demise
Yeah you church boy actin like a thief in disguise
Ain't leavin my side, see the greed in my eyes
Ask Abby y'all hustle for a week to the Chi, shit
And that ain't leavin alive, please believe me
Gave Weezy a piece of the pie, and
You can ask George or Regina
The whole Westside I explore with the Beemer now

[Chorus]
We strivin home, I ride on chrome
Listen homeboy move on
That's your best bet, why's that?
Cause

[Consequence]
Uhh, uhh, yo, yo
I been pourin out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
And tryin to help his momma with the fact that her child gone
And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon
Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
But since they got a foul on, what coulda gone wrong
Now they askin Cons, how long has this gone on
And maybe all this money mighta gone to my head
Cause they got me thinkin money mighta gone to the feds
So I ain't goin to the dread, but he'll go on up to bed
And when I came the next mornin he was gone with my bread
And with that bein said, I had gone on my instincts
And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
But lookin back now shoulda gone to the crib
And rented "Gone With the Wind," cause I'da gone about 10
But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
And heard a nigga talkin shit so I had gone to the car
And now the judge is tellin me that I had gone too far
And now we gone for 20 years, doin time behind bars
And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, cause I'm gone

[long instrumental pause]

[Kanye West imitating "The Show" at first]
Uh-uh-uh
Uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh I'mmmm
Ah-head of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my Aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leavin it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime-
-light, like, when I was on the grind
In the "One, Nine, Nine, Nine"
Before, model chicks was bendin over or
Dealerships asked me Benz or Rover, man
If I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an 18-year-old
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play gyro
My dawg worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirrow
How we out in Europe, spendin Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's GONE
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MC's
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything includin the mannequin
They got a new bitch now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin, stay calm
Shorty's at the door cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said sorry Mr. West is gone!



[Intro]
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

[Chorus]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid,
Seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived, cuz
It take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe does
he write his own rhymes, so sort of
I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than u ever thought up
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talkin' bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort or even a four-track recorder
so its only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
- its for yourself that's important
If a stripper named Porscha and u get tips from many men
Then your fat friend her nickname is Minivan
Excuse me,
That's just the Henny, man, I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop I can't because

[Chorus]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

I was sick about awards
Couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense to them
30 minutes later seems there's no convincing them
What more can you ask for?
The international assholes nah
Who complains about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is 3 years old
You gotta love it though somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change, or the game, or the fame,
When he came, in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
Its Kanye - But some of my plastic - they still say Kane
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi - them folks ain't from Motown
Life movin' too fast I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, ya need to go down

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
My father Ben said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my ceaser
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic

You know who you can call you gotta best believe it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yea the beat cold but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like "pssh we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle till we got messed up
In the studio, where really though, yea he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question dog "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man, are y'all ok man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like Amen
R-r-r-right here stands a-man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands...

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)



[Chorus: Kanye West]
I'll be late for that, baby I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin in when I feel like
To turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin in when I feel like
To turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right

[Kanye West]
Stop all your blood claat cryin, I was flyin
Made it to school with barely 'nuff time to sign in
Yeah I hear the alarm, yeah I hear you mom
Yeah yeah I don't wan' be broke when I'm 31
They said the best classes go to the fastest
Sorry Mr. West there's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives?  Not even prerequits?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin
With all the rest of the muh'fuckers underachievin
Man, this is a insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just notice at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benz-o?
Like old folks pissin, I guess it all (Depends), oh, oh
... Stop you're cryin baby

[Chorus]

[Kanye West]
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right) that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night) that night
Baby it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian like
Hmmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later
I'll be there in five minutes, go 'head ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin cause I'm finally here, yeah

"I'll be late for that" - [repeat 4X]



Good morning [x4]

Wake up, Mr. West, Mr. West, Mr. Fresh
Mr. by-his-self-he-so-impressed
I mean, damn, did you even see the test
You got D's mother fucker, D's, Rosie Perez
And yes, barely pass any and every class
Looking at every ass
Cheated on every test
I guess this is my dissertation
Homie, this shit is basic
Welcome to graduation

Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning

Good morning
On this day we become legendary
Everything we dreamed of
I'm like a fly Malcolm X
Buy any jeans necessary
Detroit Red cleaned up
From the streets of the league
From an eighth to a key
But you graduate when you make it up outta the streets
From the moments of pain
Look how far we done came
Haters saying ya changed
Now ya doing ya thing

Good morning
Good morning
Good morning
Good morning

Good morning
Look at the valedictorian scared of the future
While I hop in the Delorean
Scared-to-face-the-world complacent career student
Some people graduate, but we still stupid
They tell you read this, eat this, don't look around
Just peep this, preach us, teach us, Jesus
Okay, look up now, they done stole your streetness
After all of that, you receive this

Good morning
Hustlers, that's if you're still living
Get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning
Hustlers, that's if you're still living
Get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning
Hustlers, that's if you're still living
Get on down
Every time that we hear them
Good morning
Hustlers, that's if you're still living
Get on down

Get on down
Get, get on down
Get on down
Get, get on down



[chorus:]
(Did you realize
That you were a champion?
In their eyes)
Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin' show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
That's that shit
So if you're gonna do it, do it just like this
(Did you realize
That you were a champion?
In their eyes)

You don't see just how wild the crowd is?
You don't see just how fly my style is?
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know I just wanted better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But everytime I want it, layaway or a deposit
My dad'll say "When you see clothes close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'cause every summer he'll get some
Brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd sent me back to school with a new wardrobe and hey!

[chorus]

When it feel like living's harder than dyin'
For me givin' up's way harder than tryin'
Lauryn Hill say her heart was in Zion
I wish her heart still was in rhymin'
'cause who the kids gonna listen to? Huh?
I guess me if it isn't you
Last week I paid a visit to the institute
They got the Drop Out keepin' kids in the school
I guess I'll clean up my act like Prince'll do
If not for the pleasure, least for the principle
They got the CD then got to see me drop gems
Like I dropped out of P.E.
They used to feel invisible
Now they know they invincible

(Did you realize
That you were a champion?
In their eyes)
This is the story of a champion
Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
Stand up stand up! Here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
This is the story of a champion
Rounders in the mob and they pop the guns
Stand up stand up! Here he comes
Tell me what it takes to be number one?
Tell me what it takes to be number one?

[chorus]



Work it, make it, do it,
Makes us harder, better, faster, stronger!

[played in background, continuously:]
Work it harder, make it better,
do it faster, makes us stronger,
more than ever, hour after,
Our work is never over.

[Chorus:]
Na-na-na that that don't kill me
Can only make me stronger
I need you to hurry up now
'Cause I can't wait much longer
I know I got to be right now
'Cause I can't get much wronger
Man I've been waitin' all night now
That's how long I've been on you

I need you right now
I need you right now

Let's get lost tonight
You could be my black Kate Moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
And you don't give a fuck what they all say right?
Awesome, the Christian and Christian Dior
Damn, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask 'cause I'm not sure
Do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in the presence of greatness
'cause right now thou hast forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I would even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead go nuts go ape shit
Especially in my pastel on my bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New gospel homie, take six, and take this, haters

[Chorus]

I need you right now
I need you right now

Me likey

I don't know if you got a man or not,
If you made plans or not
If God put me in your plans or not
I'm trippin' this drink got me sayin' a lot
But I know that God put you in front of me

So how the hell could you front on me?
There's a thousand you's, there's only one of me
I'm trippin', I'm caught up in the moment right?
Cause it's Louis Vuitton Don night
So we gon' do everything that Kan like
Heard they'd do anything for a Klondike
Well, I'd do anything for a blonde-dike
And she'll do anything for the limelight
And we'll do anything when the time's right
Ugh, baby, you're makin' it (harder, better, faster, stronger)

[Chorus]

I need you right now
I need you right now

You know how long I've been on you?
Since Prince was on Appolonia
Since OJ had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told you [x6]
Baby, you're making it (harder, better, faster, stronger)

[Chorus]

I need you right now [x4]

You know how long I've been on you?
Since Prince was on Appolonia
Since OJ had Isotoners
Don't act like I never told you
Never told you [x4]

Never over [x8]



Find your dreams come true
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

I've been waiting on this my whole life
These dreams be waking me up at night
You say I think I'm never wrong
You know what, maybe you're right, aight

And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

You say he get on your fucking nerves
You hope that he get what he deserves, word
Do you even remember what the issue is
You just trying to find where the tissue is
You can still be who you wish you is
It ain't happen yet
And that's what the intuition is
When you hop back in the car
Drive back to the crib
Run back to their arms
The smokescreens
The chokes and the screams
You ever wonder what it all really mean

And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

And I'm back on my grind
A psychic read my lifeline
Told me in my lifetime
My name would help light up the Chicago skyline
And that's what I'm
Seven o'clock, that's primetime
Heaven'll watch, God calling from the hot lines
Why he keep giving me hot lines
I'm a star, how could I not shine
How many ladies in the house
How many ladies in the house without a spouse
Something in your blouse got me feeling so aroused
What you about
On that independent shit
Trade it all for a husband and some kids
You ever wonder what it all really mean
You ever wonder if you'll find your dreams



[Kanye West]
Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky
I g-go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky

[Chorus - T-Pain:]
I'm gonna get on this TV mama, I'm gonna
I'm gonna put shit down
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, I'm good

[Verse 1 Kanye West]
Welcome to the good life
Where niggas that sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living' spree
Shit they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi, ah
(Now throw your hands up in the sky)
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry
Yo it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lawry's
50 told me go 'head switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate
And watch the money pile up, the good life

[Hook:]
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky
Now I, I go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky

[Chorus - T-Pain]

[Verse 2 Kanye West]
Welcome to the good life
Where we like the girls who ain't on TV
Cause they got more (Ass than the models)
The good life, so keep it coming' with the bottles
Till she feel boozed like she bombed out Apollo
The good life, it feel like Houston
It feel like Philly, it feel like D.C.
It feel like VA, or the Bay, or Ye
Ayy, this is the good life
Welcome to the good life

Homie, tell me what's good
Why I only got a problem when you in the hood
Like I'm new in the hood, the only thing I wish?
(I wish a nigga would)
He probably think he could, but, but
I don't think he should
50 told me go 'head switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate
And watch the money pile up, the good life

[Hook]

[Chorus - T-Pain]

[Verse 3]
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane
While getting' some brain
Whipped it out, she said "I never seen snakes on a plane"
Whether you broke or rich you gotta get biz
Having' money's not everything, not having it is
I was splurging' on trizz
But when I get my card back activated
I'm back to Vegas cause
I always had a passion for flashing' before I had it
I close my eyes and imagine, the good life

[T-Pain]
Is the good life better than the life I live
When I thought that I was gonna go crazy
And now my grandmama ain't the only girl calling me baby
And if you feeling' me now then put your hands up in the sky
And let me hear you say hey, hey, hey, ooh
I'm good



La, la, la, la wait 'til I get my money right

I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke, I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given much is tested
Get arrested, guess until, they get the message
I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny
And what I do? Act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V, my momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on T.V. talking like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel man
I ain't one of the Cosbys I ain't go to Hillman
I guess the money should've changed him
I guess I should've forgot where I came from

La, la, la, la wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la, la then you can't tell me nothing right
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
(Ha ha) you can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

Let up the suicide doors
This is my life homie, you decide yours
I know that Jesus died for us
But I couldn't tell you who decide wars
So I parallel double parked that motherfucker sideways
Old folks talking about "back in my day"
But homie this is my day
Class started 2 hours ago, oh am I late?
No, I already graduated
And you can live through anything if Magic made it

They say I talk with so much emphasis
Oh, they're so sensitive
Don't ever fix your lips like collagen
And say something when you gon' end up apologing
Let me know if it's a problem then, aight man, holla then

La, la, la, la wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la, la then you can't tell me nothing right
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
(Ha ha) you can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

Let the champagne splash, let that man get cash
Let that man get past
He don't even stop to get gas
If he can move through the rumors, he can drive off of fumes
'Cause how he move in a room full of nos?
How he stay faithful in a room full of hoes?
Must be the pharaohs, he in tune with his soul
So when he buried in a tomb full of gold
Treasure. What's your pleasure?
Life is a, uh, depending how you dress her
So if the Devil wear Prada
Adam Eve wear nada
I'm in between, but way more fresher
With way less effort, 'cause when you try hard
That's when you die hard
Your homies looking like "Why God?"
When they reminisce over you, my God

La, la, la, la wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la, la then you can't tell me nothing right
Excuse me, was you saying something?
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing
(Ha ha) you can't tell me nothing
Uh, uh, you can't tell me nothing

La, la, la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La, la, la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
I'm serious nigga, I got money



[Kanye West]
Its what you all been waiting for ain't it?
What people pay paper for damn it
They cant stand it, they want something new
So let's get re-acquainted
Became the hood favorite
I cant even explain it
I surprise myself too

Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
Ha Ha Hum, here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Hook - Kanye West]
(yeah yeah yeah yeah)
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!
We outta here baby!

[Kanye West]
Dude!
Fresh off the plane, konitchiwa bitches
Turn around another plane, my passport on pivot
As for what I did it, that asshole done did it
Talked it and he lived it, spitted then he shitted
I don't need to write hits, I might bounce ideas,
But only I could come up with some shit like this
I done played the underdog my whole career
Ive been a very good sport, haven't I, this year
They said he's going crazy and we seen this before
But I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go
And I'm doing pretty hood in my pink polo
Nigga please, how you gonna say I ain't no low-head
Cos my Dior got me more model head
I'm insulted
You should go head
And bow so hard till your knees hit your forehead
And the flow just hit code red
Top 5 MC's you ain't gotta remind me
Top 5 MC's you gotta rewind me
I'm high up on the line, you can get behind me
But my head's so big you can't sit behind me
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on, with something crazy on my arm
Ha Ha Hum, here's another hit, Barry Bonds

[Hook - Lil Wayne]
(Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah)
Yeah, Yeah, We outta here baby!
Wha, Wha, We outta here baby!
And Mr. West is so outta here baby
And me, I'm Mr. Weezy Baby

[Lil Wayne]
I'm so bright not shady
My teeth and my eyes so wight like Shady
Ice in my teeth so refrigerated
I’m so fucking good like I’m sleeping with Megan
I’m all about my franklins, Lincolns and Reagans
Whenever they make them, I shall hayve them
Oops I meant have them, I'm so crazy
But if you play crazy you be sleeping with daisies
Its such a hayvic, oops I meant havoc
And my drink's still pinker than the easter rabbit
And I'm still cold (cole) like Keisha's family
Stove on my waist turn beef to patties
And I ate it cos I'm so at it
I don't front and I don't go backwards
And I don't practice
and I don't lack shit
And you can get Barried
Suck my bat bitch

[Chorus - Kanye West]
We outta here baby
We outta here baby
We outta here baby

[Lil Wayne]
Life of a Don, lights keep glowin'
Comin' in the club wit that fresh shit on
Wit something crazy on my arm
Ha Ha Hum, man here's another hit, Barry Bonds

(yeah yeah yeah yeah)



Ra ra ra ra ra ra... brrraaa

[Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Mos Def (Kanye West)]
Looks like that mami can't buy everything up [x3]
(We go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

[Kanye West (Mos Def)]
Driving around town looking for the best spot for the
(Drunk and hot girls)
Up in the club look at here what we got some
(Drunk and hot girls)
Stop dancing with your girlfriend and come dance with me
Stop talking about your boyfriend since he is not me
Stop running up my tab cause these drinks is not free
You drunk and hot girl

[Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Mos Def (Kanye West)]
(We go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these all-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

[Kane West (Mos Def)]
I don't wanna drop your friends off, I just want you
(You drunk and hot girl)
You wanna sit down but we hit the drive through
(You drunk and hot girl)
Please don't fall asleep baby we almost back
Please don't throw up in the car we almost crash
Oh now you sober, how'd I know you'd say that
You drunk an hot girl

[Kanye West]
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls

[Mos Def (Kanye West)]
(We go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

[Mos Def]
Lot of dangerous necessity that people seek without regard
To where they are, the human heart is curious above all things,
laa the lights are low
your eyes are bright
the music, makes it sweet delight
It's out inside, I'm feeling right
your dress is tight
Oh waaaa ow, I want you right now

[Kanye West]
Don't tell me you sing,you bout to get a deal
(You drunk and hot girls)
Aaa aaa aa aa aa, that's how the fuck you sound
(You drunk and hot girl)
You only live once do whatever you like
I thought I'd be with you for only one night
Now I'm with this girl for the rest of my life
That drunk and hot girl

[Kanye West]
We go through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(A little sippy sippy)
We gonna through too much bullshit just to mess with these drunk and hot girls
(Want a little whisky)

[Mos Def (Kanye West)]
(We go- through too- much bullshit- to mess- mess with- these drunk-
all of these drunk and hot girls)

Ra ra ra ra ra ra... brrraaa



Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights

[Kanye West]
She don't believe in shootin' stars,
but she believe in shoes & cars
Wood floors in the new apartment,
couture from the store's department
You more like L'eau de Stardee shit,
I'm more of the, trips to Florida
Order the h'orderves, views of the Water
Straight from the page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy,
man why can't life always be this easy
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy,
I get a call like where are you Yeezy
Try to hit you with a 'Oeur de Whopee'
Till I get flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these nigga's got me,
I hate these nigga's more than the Nazis

[Dwele]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? Flashing lights, lights
What do I know? Flashing lights, lights

[Kanye West]
I know it's been a while,
Sweetheart, we hard-ly talk, I was doing my thing
I know I was foul bay-bay,
a-bay late-ly you been all on my brain,
And if somebody would've told me a month ago
Fronting though, yo I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody would've told me a year ago
it'd go, get this difficult
Feeling like Katrina with no fema
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum,
I'm just saying, Hey Mona Lisa,
come home you know you can't Rome without Caesar

[Dwele]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? Flashing lights, lights
What do I know? Flashing lights, lights

As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
What do you know? Flashing lights, lights
What do you know? Flashing lights, lights

Flashing lights, lights
Flashing lights, lights

[Fade out]
Lights, lights, lights, lights...



Oh oh oho.
damn, here we go again.
Oh oh oho.
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam,

now everything I'm not, made me everything I am.
damn, here we go again.
people talking shit, but when the shit hit the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am.

I never be picture-perfect-Beyonce
Be light as Al B or black as Chauncey
Remember him from Blackstreet
He was as black as the street was
I'll never be laid back as his beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake-ass facade they couldn't keep up
You see how I creeped up?
You see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I never rock a mink coat in the winter time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like Will.I.am
Let me know if you feel it man
'cause everything I'm not, made me everything I am

Damn, here we go again.
everybody sayin' what's not for him
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am

and I'm back to tear it up
haters, start your engines
I hear 'em gearin' up
people talk so much shit about me at barbershops
they forget to get their haircut
OK fair enough, the streets is flarin' up
'cause they want gun-talk, or I don't wear enough
baggy clothes, Reebok's, or Adidas
can I add that he do spaz out at his shows
so say goodbye to the NAACP award
goodbye to the India.Arie award
they'd rather give me the nigga-please award
but I'll just take the I-got-a-lot-of-cheese award

damn, here we go again.
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am

I know that people wouldn't usually rap this
but I got the facts to back this
just last year, Chicago had over 600 caskets
man, killing's some wack shit
oh, I forgot, 'cept for when niggas is rappin'
do you know what it feel like when people is passin'?
he got changed over his chains, a block off Ashland
I need to talk to somebody, pastor
the church want tithe, so I can't afford to pay
the slip on the door, cause I can't afford to stay
my 15 seconds up, but I got more to say
That's enough Mr. West, please no more today

damn, here we go again.
everybody sayin' what's not for him
everything I'm not, made me everything I am
damn, here we go again.
people talk shit, but when shit hits the fan
everything I'm not, made me everything I am



"I got fury in my soul,
fury's gonna take me to the glory goal.
In my mind I can't study war no more."

Gonna take you to the glory
Oh I can't study war
Yeah
I can't study war
No no
I can't study war
Yeah
I can't study war
Uh
I can't study war
Now where the south side
I can't study war
Uh uh uh
I can't study war
Now where the west side
I can't study war
Yep
I can't study war
Uh

Can I talk my shit again?
Even if I don't hit again
Dog are you fucking kidding?
My hat, my shoes, my coat, Louis Vuitton stitch, with Donatello Versace,
That's Louis Vuitton bitch
I think Hennessy, I drank I'm gone on that Bacardi Lemon, Corona, I'm zoning
Class back in session so I up't it a grade
Two years the Dwayne Wayne became the Dwyane Wade
And A
Please don't start me
I'm like Gnarls Barkley meets Charles Barkley
I'm pop the barkers, I'm hood like parkers
While you all was in limbo I raised the bar up
I touched on everything
Married to the game rock a chain stead of a wedding ring
You all brides maids catch the garter
On nights when romance
Cameras flash so much
That I gotta do that yayo dance
I'm on a world tour with Common my man
After each and every show a couple dykes in the van
It's easy
The hood love to listen to jeezy and weezy and o yeah yeezy
I did it for the glory

[chorus sample]

I can't study war
No no
I can't study war
No no
The glory
I can't study war
No no
I can't study war
I did it for the glory
I can't study war
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
I did it for the glory
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
The glory
No no
I can't study war
Uh

What am I supposed to do now?
Man the game all messed up
How I suppose to stand out when everyone get dressed up
So yeah at the Grammies I went ultra Travolta
Yeah that tuxedo might have been a little gweedo
But with my ego, I can stand there with a speedo
And still be looked at like a fucking hero
The glory the story the chain the polo the Nike the chronic
Empty bottles of no do's
Tank on empty whipping my mamma's Volvo
I spent that gas money on clothes with logo's
The furrest man that shit that you don't floss
The Goyard so hard man, I'm Hugo's boss
Why I gotta ask what that to door cost
House on the hill
Two doors from Tracey Ross
And I'm asking about her girlfriends yeah the dark skinned ones
She asking about the speed boats yeah I admit we rented 'em
When you meet me in person what does it feel like
I know, I know I look better in real life
I hear people compare themselves to BIG a lot
You know BIG and Pac, you know to get it hot
I guess after I live I wanna be compared to BIG
Anyone big pun big l or notorious
Fit in
Get money and stunt and stay glorious
And I'm gonna start killin' these niggas as soon as the chorus hit

[chorus sample]

No no I can't study war
Yeah I'm gonna start killin' these niggas soon as the chorus hit
I can't study war
No no
Uh
These haters be killing themselves they wanna come and get the glory
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
Uh
No no I can't study war
The glory
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
Uh ha
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
Now where the south side
No no I can't study war
No no I can't study war
Yeah
Now where the west side
No no I can't study war
Yeah
I can't study war
No no
I can't study war
No no



[Kanye West:]
And you say Chi city, Chi city, Chi city

[Chris Martin:]
I'm coming home again.
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm coming home again
I'm in home again.

[Kanye West:]
I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me little homie,
I know you don't know me,
But my name is Windy and I like to blow trees,"
And from that point I never blow her off,
Niggas come from outta town I like to show her off,
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off,
And make 'em straighten up their hat, 'cause she know they soft
And when I grew up she showed me how to go downtown
And at nighttime her face lit up so astounding
I told her in my heart is where she'll always be
She never mess with entertainers 'cause they always leave
She said, "It felt like they walked and drove on me."
Knew I was gang-affiliated got on TV and told on me
I guess that's why last winter she got so cold on me
She said, "'Ye keep making that, keep making that platinum and gold for me!"

[Chris Martin:]
I'm coming home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm coming home again
I'm in home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
Oh, now I'm coming home again
Maybe we can start again

[Kanye West:]
But if you really cared for her,
Then you wouldn't never hit the airport
To follow your dream,
Sometimes I still talk to her,
But when I talk to her it always seems
Like she talking about me,
She said, "You left your kids and they just like you
They wanna rap and make soul beats just like you,
But they just not you," and I just got through
Talking 'bout what niggas tryna do just not new
Now everybody got the game figured out all wrong
I guess you never know what you got 'til it's gone
I guess that's why I'm here and I can't come back home
And guess when I heard that when I was back home
Every interview I'm representing you making you proud
Reach for the stars so if you fall you land on a cloud
Jump in the crowd, spark your lighters, wave 'em around,
If you don't know by now, I'm talking about Chi Town,

[Chris Martin:]
I'm coming home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm coming home again
I'm in home again
Maybe, do you remember when fireworks at lake Michigan
Oh, now I'm coming home again
I'm in home again
Maybe, do you remember when fireworks at lake Michigan
Oh, now I'm coming home again
Maybe we can start again

Coming home again
Coming home again
Maybe we can start again



Staduim status
Uh

My big brother was Big's brother
Used to be Dame and Bigs brother
Who was hip hop brother
Who was No I.D friend
No I.D My mentor
Now let the story begin

Its the hard knock life tour
Sell out, picture us in the mall
Coping iceberg and yell out Jigga
Yea that's what we would yell out
Yell out
You know the name dude
I gotta spell out or tell bout
J a y an Ye so shy
Now he won't even step to his idol to say hi
Standing there like a mime
Let the chance pass by
Back of my mind he could change your life
With all these beats I did at least let him hear it
At least you could brag to your friends back at the gig
But he got me out my mama crib
Then he help me get my mama a crib

Big brother was Bigs Brother
Used to be Dame and Bigs Brother
Who was hip hop brother
Who was No I.D friend
No I.D my mentor
Now let the story begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands

Fresh off the plane I'm off to Baseline
Nothing handed out
I'm about to take mine
Around the same time of that BluePrint 1
Any beats in my pocket was that Blueprint form
I'd play my little song in that old back room
He would bob his head and say, damn, oh, that's you
But by the Black album I was blacking out
Party at S.O.Bs and we had packed the crowd
Big brother got his show up in Madison Square
And I'm like yea, yea we gonna be there
But not only did I not get a chance to spit it
Carleen told me I could buy two tickets
I guess big brother was thinking a little different
Kept little brother at bay, at a distance
Put everything I felt was more focused
Only made me more focused
Only wrote more potent
Only thing I wanna know is why I get looked over
I guess ill understand when I get more older
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the todum
Now I'm at the top and everybody on the scrodum

My big Brother was Bigs brother
Used to be Dame and Bigs brother
Who was hip hops brother
Who was No I.Ds friend
No I.D my mentor
Now let the story begin
Begin
Let the story begin
If you feel the way I feel why don't you wave your hands

Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant
Not only a client the presidito
Hola ovito
The game getting foul so here's a free throw
I was always on the other side of the peep hole
Then I dropped Jesus walks now I'm on a steep hole
And we know
New jack city gotta keep my brother
But to be number 1 I'm a beat my brother
On that diamond remix I swore I spaz
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass
Sibling rivery, only I could see
It was the pride in me that was driving me
At the Grammies I said I inspired me
But my big brother who I always tried to be
When I kick a flow it was like, pick and roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock its give and go
I guess beanies style was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll
but I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna minggle yo.
Ya know
I told Jay I did a song with cold play
Next thing I know he got a song with coldplay
Back in my mind I'm like damn, no way
Translate espanol
No way Jose
Then I went and told Jay brown
Should of known that was gonna come back around
Should of told you like a man should of told you first
But I told somebody else that's what made shit worse

My big brother was Bigs brother
So here's a few words from your kid brother
If you admire somebody you should go ahead and tell um
People never get the flowers while they could smell um
A ideal in my eyes, God of the game
Heart of the city,Rockafella chain
Never be the same, never be another
Number 1 young Hov also my big brother

My big Brother was Bigs brother
Used to be Dame and Bigs Brother
Who was hip hops brother
Who was No I.Ds friend
No I.D my mentor
And that's where the story ends

Don't kill this shit.....



[Bridge - Mos Def] 
I'm not sure anymore-more 
Who is knocking at my door-door 
All the faces that I know 
Ja make them so sunny and true 

[Chorus - Mos Def] 
I don't wanna say goodbye to you 
So I'll just say good night to you 
My people, no goodbyes to you 
I'm just gonna say good night 

[Verse - Kanye West] 
Right now I can see it so vivid 
Like it was just yesterday like I could relive it 
Me and my grandparents on a field trid-ip 
And I'm the little kid tryna touch the exhibits 
But it'll fade before I get to get a hold of that 
Man I wish I could stop time like a photograph 
Every joke that they told I'd know to laugh 
Man, man I wouldn't let a moment pass 
What do it mean when you dream that you fallin' 
What do it mean when you dream that you ballin' 
What do it mean when you never dream at all then 
And you don't really know cause you can't recall them 
It's sorta fly you get a chance to say hi to 
People you never got a chance to say bye to 
Maybe you could pull em up outta your dreams 
Into real life, if you try to 
So close, but so far 
And so far, no cigar 
We can't dwell on the past all we got is today 
So I'mma live like there's no tomorrow 
No goodbye 

[Chorus - Mos Def] 
I don't wanna say goodbye to you 
So I'll just say good night to you 
My people, no goodbyes to you 
I'm just gonna say good night 

[Verse - Al Be] 
Uhh, to you 
If I part my heart will live through you 
Dream beautiful and unusual 
Wake up like everyday new to you 
Stay true to you, a hood musical 
My art will live through you 
Dream beautiful and unusual 
Wake up like everyday new to you 
Stay true to you, a hood musical 

[Chorus - Mos Def] 
I don't wanna say goodbye to you 
So I'll just say good night to you 
My people, no goodbyes to you 
I'm just gonna say good night 

[Bridge - Mos Def x3]
I'm not sure anymore-more 
Who is knocking at my door-door 
All the faces that I know 
Ja make them so sunny and true



[Chorus]
[John Mayer:]
Bittersweet
You're gonna be the death of me
I don't want you, but I need you
I love you and hate you at the very same time
Bittersweet

[Verse 1:]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And she claim she only with me for the currency
You cut me deep bitch, cut me like surgery
And I was too proud to admit that it was hurting me
I'd never do that to you, at least purposely
We breaking up again, we making up again
But we don't love no more, I guess we fucking then
Have you ever felt you ever want to kill her?
And you mix them emotions with tequila
And you mix that with a little bad advice
On one of those bad nights, ya'll have a bad fight
And you talking 'bout her family, her aunts and shit
And she say "Motherfucker, yo momma's a bitch!"
You know, domestic drama and shit, all that attitude
I'll never hit a girl, but I'll shake the shit outta you!
But I'mma be the bigger man, Big Pimpin' like Jiggaman
Oh I guess I figure it's...

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency
And my nigga said I shouldn't let it worry me
I need to focus on the girls we getting currently
But I been thinking and it got me back to sinking and
This relationship it even got me back to drinking all this
Hennessy
It's gonna be the death of me
And I always thought that you having our child was our destiny
But I can't even vibe with you sexually
Cuz every time I would try, you would question me
Saying "You fucking them girls, disrespecting me?
You don't see how ya lies is affecting me.
You don't see how our life was supposed to be.
And I never let a nigga get that close to me.
And you ain't cracked up to what you was supposed to be.
You always gone, you'll always be where them hoes'll be."
And this the first time she ever spilled her soul to me

[Chorus]
[Kanye:]
I fucked up and I know it g
I guess it's bittersweet poetry

[Bridge x2]
See what I want so much, shit never hurt this bad
Never did this before, that's what the virgin says
We've been generally warned, that's what the surgeon says
God talk to me now, this is an emergency

[Chorus]



[Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (87, 32 that's the way it go, Kanye and Jizzle say it ain't so) 
Wait till I get my money right

[Verse 1: Young Jeezy]
If I had a billion dollars (YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Yeah, I'd spend all in a day
Show these niggas how to play (play)
Top floor penthouse I'll show 'em where i stay (stay)
Grand piano, might learn to play (Ha Ha!)
Need a hundred grand just to past me everyday (Woo! Woo!)
You know i like them white keys on it (yea!)
Duck tape when we wrap them
Call me prejudice, cuz i never touch the black ones (keys that is, Ha Ha!)
Let me show how to do this shawty (shawty)
I hit the strip club and I blew bout forty (DAMN!)
Patron got me so confused (fused)
Until I stumbled outside and I made the news
Fresh nine piece, yeah them wings is cajun
Never seen me in the kitchen nigga, I am amazing (nah)
Well, fuck it I'm rich then
If balling is a crime, fuck it I'm hit then
If Thugging is a term, fuck it I'm it then
The insane dough, hey, fuck it I'm sick then
Somebody call me a shrink
Until then, Ima fix me a drink (Ha Ha!)
Top down in the bit, I'm so intoxicated
Sometimes I think to myself "god damn, I made it"
And I know they hate it
On the all night flight
Tryna get my money right
Wassup?

[Chorus: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Verse 2: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
Yea, yea
Yea, homie this a theme song
First I get my money right
Then I get my team on
If I always pray to have gleam on
$300 jeans on, do that mean I dream wrong?
And I was high as a lil jet
Fly as the insect, even though we ended
And it don't matter if I get her number cuz
When I get my money right she gon come running
And I'll be good like "God" with an extra "O"
God knows that my check needs some extra 0's
And you know that you need to bring some extra hoes
Not in jogging pants either, tell them wear some sexy clothes
Now my game so professional
And my chain so fresh, they go (oh oh oh oh oh)
Right after the fame did you gain anything?
Damn Ye, would you change anything?
But (If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
I'd copped more pink polos and pop those collars
Misery love company, her nickname Sorrow
My Benz need company, her nickname tahoe
“Wait till i get my money” everybody motto
So Ima need a bravo for everything I wrote
Yeah, hey mama they can't hate him
Cuz after all of the drama, K slayed them

[Chorus: Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
La La La La (Hey!)
Wait till I get my money right
La La La La (Yeah!)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me, is you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing (HA HA!)
You can't tell me nothing
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing

[Kanye West (Young Jeezy)]
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Wait till I get my money right
(If I had a billion dollars YEAHHHHHHHHHH)
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?



Why would she make calls out the blue
Now I'm awake, sleepless til noon

Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will
Unless you will
Hey hey hey hey 
Don't say you will
Then play you will
I pray you will

Mrs. So-Fly crash-lands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon

Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will
You will
Hey hey hey hey 
Don't say you will
One day you will
I pray you will

When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool then lose control

Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will
You will you will
Hey hey hey hey 
Don't say you will
If you will
I pray you will

I wish this song would really come true
I admit I still fantasize about you
About you

Hey hey hey hey
Don't say you will
You will you will
Hey hey hey hey 
Please say you will
For real
I pray you will



[Verse 1]
My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all I could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card (card)
And all I got was a brand new sports car
Uh

[Chorus:]
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
And my head keeps spinning
I can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit' it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho

[Verse 2]
Dad cracked a joke all the kids laugh
But I couldn't hear em all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone
Where did I go wrong?

[Chorus]

[Interlude]
I seen it, I seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before
I've seen it, I've seen it before
I seen it, I seen it before

[Verse 3]
My god sister gettin' married by the lake
But I couldn't figure out who I want to take
Bad enough that I showed up late
I had to leave 'fore they even cut the cake
Welcome to Heartbreak

[Chorus]

[Outro]
Oh ho
Oh ho
Oh ho

And I can't, and I can't stop
No, no I can't stop
No, no, no, no I can't stop
No, no, no, no I can't stop
Can't stop, I can't stop, I can't stop
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no
No, no I can't stop

Can't stop having these visions
I gotta get wit it
Oh ho, oh ho, oh ho
Oh ho
Oh... oh ho



In the night, I hear them talk the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul
To a woman so heartless 
How could you be so heartless 
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

[Verse 1]
How could you be so cold
As the winter wind when it breeze yo
Just remember that you talking to me though
You need to watch the way you talking to me yo
I mean after all the things that we been through
I mean after all the things we got into
Ayo, I know there are some things that you ain't told me
Ayo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you gonna show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well, I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely

In the night, I hear them talk the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road,
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless 
How could you be so heartless 
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

How could you be so Dr. Evil?
You bringing out a side of me that I don't know
I decided we weren't gonna speak so
Why we up 3 A.M. on the phone?
Why would she be so mad at me for?
Homie, I don't know she's hot and cold
I won't stop won't mess my groove up
Cause I already know how this thing go
You run and tell your friends that you're leaving me
They say that they don't see what you see in me
You wait a couple months then you gonna see
You'll never find nobody better than me

In the night, I hear them talk the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless 
How could you be so heartless 
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

Talking talking talking talk
Baby, let's just knock it off
They don't know what we been through
They don't know about me and you
So why I got something new to see?
And you just gon' keep hating me
And we just gon' be enemies

I know you can't believe
I could just leave it wrong
And you can't make it right
I'm gon' take off tonight 
Into the night

In the night, I hear them talk the coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road
He lost his soul to a woman so heartless 
How could you be so heartless 
Oh, how could you be so heartless?



It's amazing, I'm the reason
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted, barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in

[Chorus]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing [x2]
It's amazing

I'm a monster, I'm a killer
I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
That'll never ever be solved

[Chorus]
And no matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing [x2]
It's amazing

I'm a monster, I'm a maven
I know this world is changing
Never gave in, never gave up
I'm the only thing I'm afraid of

[Chorus]
No matter what, you'll never take that from me
My reign is as far as your eyes can see
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing [x4]
It's amazing

[Young Jeezy]
I'm amazing (amazing), yeah I'm all that (all that)
If I ain't on my grind than what you call that (what you call that)
Victorious, yeah we warriors
We make history, strive for victory (yeah)
Standing at my podium, I'm trying to watch my sodium
Die high blood pressure either let the feds catch ya (yeah)
I'm amazing born on a full moon
I was breed to get it in, no spoon
That's why I'm so goon summer time no joke
Big family small house, no room
They like "Oh God, why he go so hard
Look what he's been through, he deserves an applause"

[Outro]
So amazing, so amazing, so amazing
It's amazing, so amazing, so amazing, so amazing [x4]
It's amazing



I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you, but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, SYSTEM OVERLOAD
Screaming, "No, no, no, n-no!"
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you
So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know

So keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
You lose

I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I can't keep my cool, so I keep it true
I got something to lose, so I gotta move
I can't keep myself, and still keep you too
So I keep in mind, when I'm on my own
Somewhere far from home, in the danger zone
How many times did I tell you 'fore it finally got through?
You lose, you lose
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
See I had to go, see I had to move
No more wasting time, you can't wait for life
We're just racing time, where's the finish line?

So keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
You lose

I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
I bet no one knew, I got no one new
Know I said I'm through, but got love for you
But I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
Gotta keep it going, keep the loving going
Keep it on the roll, only God knows
If I be with you, baby I'm confused
You choose, you choose
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to
Where I wanna go, I don't need you
I've been down this road, too many times before
I'm not loving you, way I wanted to

So keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Keeping your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
Your love lockdown
Now keep your love lockdown
You lose
You lose
You lose
You lose
You lose



[Intro: Kanye West]
Why are you so paranoid
Don't be so paranoid
Don't be so....
Baby don't worry about it
Lady don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong things

[Verse 1]
Tell me right now
You really wanna spend your whole life alone
A little time out might do you good, might do us good
Before we be done for good
Cause I make it good I could make it hood
I can make you come I can make you go
I can make you high I can make you fly
Make you touch the sky hey maybe so
All of the time
You be up in mine checking through my cell phone baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night
Here's another fight oh here we go
Baby don't worry about it
Lady we'll go out to the floor

[Chorus]
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you

[Verse 2]
All of the time
You wanna complain about the nights alone
So now you're here with me
Show some gratitude leave the attitude way back at home
Yea you see em look
Baby let em look give us cold looks cause we look cold
Yea you heard about all the word of mouth
Don't worry about what we can't control
All the talk in the world lost in the world
Till you finally let that thing go
You wanna check in to the heartbreak hotel
But sorry we're closed
Baby don't worry about it
Lady we'll go out to the floor

[Chorus]
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you

[Kanye West]
Baby don't worry about it
Lady don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing, the wrong thing
You worry bout the wrong thing

[Chorus]
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you
Anyway they don't know you like I do
They'll never know you



[Verse 1]
Bout the baddest girl I ever seen 
Straight up out a movie scene 
Who knew she was a drama queen 
That a turn my life to Stephen King 
Up late night like she on patrol 
Checking everything like I'm on parole 
I told her some things she don't need to know 
She never let it go
Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok 
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now 
Ok, Ok, Ok 
You will never stop it now 
You need to drop it now....drop it...drop it 

[Chorus]
Cause I don't want no Robocop 
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop 
Now I don't need no Robocop 

[Verse 2]
Just looking at your history 
You like the girl from Misery 
She said she ain't take it to this degree
Well let's agree to disagree 
Shorty kind of crazy but it turn me on 
Keep it up enough to keep it goin? on 
I told her some things she don't need to know 
She never let it go
Ok, ok, ok, ok 
You will never stop it now 
You never stop it now 
Ok, ok, ok, ok 
You will never stop it now 
You need to drop it now....drop it...drop it 

[Chorus]
Cause I don't want no Robocop 
You moving like a Robocop 
When did you become a Robocop 
Somebody please make her stop 

[Verse 3]
Stop...drop...roll...pop bitch I'm cold....I 
Ain't used to being told stop 
So I could never be your robot 
Fast or slow you can stay or can go 
Now, now that you know, now, now that you know 
Yea I had her before but that happened before 
You get mad when you know so just don't ask me no more 
Ok, ok, ok, uh, uh 
It ain't ok, ok, ok

[Outro]
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just and LA girl
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (you need to stop it now)
You spoiled little LA girl
You're just an LA girl (you need to stop it now)
Oh you're kidding me
You must be joking
Or you are smoking
Oh oh you're kidding me
Oh you're kidding me
Ha ha that was a good one
Your first good one in a while
Your first good one in a while
You need to stop it now
You need to stop it now
Oh you need to stop it now



Let me know
Do I still got time to grow
Things ain't always set in stone
That be known let me know
Let me
Seems like, street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there
All the streets lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there
In the streets
In the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Seems like, street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there
All the street lights, glowin
Happen to be just like moments, passin
In front of me so I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fare see I know my destination
But I'm just not there
In the streets
In the, streets
I'm just not there in the streets
I'm just not there
Life's just not fair
Life's just not fair



[Verse 1]
Didn't you know 
I was waiting on you
Waiting on a dream 
That'll never come true
Didn't you know 
I was waiting on you
My face turnt to stone
When I heard the news

[Chorus]
When you decide to break the rules
Cos I just heard some real bad news

[Verse 2]
People will talk
Like its old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Let me ask you 
How long have you known too
You played it off and act like he's brand new

[Chorus]
When you decide to break the rules
Cos I just heard some real bad news

[Bridge]
Real bad news
Real bad news
Real bad news

Oh you just gonna 
Keep another no you wont

Oh you just gonna
Keep it like you never knew

Oh you just gonna 
Keep another love for you

Oh you just gonna
Keep it ike you never knew

While im waiting on a dream 
That'll never come true

Oh you just gonna 
Keep it like you never knew

My face turnt to stone
When I heard the news

Whats on the news
Channel crew



[Intro: Kanye West (Lil Wayne)]
I'm cold! (Yeah)
I'm cold! (Yeah)
I'm cold! (Yeah)
(Yeah)

[Lil Wayne]
I got the right
To put up a fight
But not quite
Cause you cut off my light
But my sight
Is better tonight
And I might see you in my nightmare
Oh how'd you'd get there
Cause we were once a fairy tale
But this is farewell

[Kanye West]
I got my life
And it's my only one
I got the night
I'm running from the sun
So good night
I made it out the door, door, door, door,door
After tonight
There will be no return
After tonight
I'm taking off on the road
I'm taking off on the road
And letting you know
LETTING YOU KNOW

[Chorus: Kanye West]
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW

[Kanye West]
Okay I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine
You do you cause I'm just gon' be fine
Okay I got you out my mind
And the night is young
The drinks is cold
The stars is out
I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well now you know

[Chorus Kanye West]
Tell everybody, EVERYBODY that you know
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW

[Lil Wayne]
I got the right
To put up a fight
But not quite
Cause you cut off my light
But my sight
Is better tonight
And I might see you in my nightmare
Oh how'd you'd get there
Cause we were once a fairy tale
But this is farewell

Babygirl I'm finished
I thought we were committed
I thought we were cemented
I really thought we meant it
But now we just repent it
And now we just resent it
The clouds is in my vision
Look how high that I be getting
And it's all because of you
Girl we through
You think your shit don't stank
but you are Mrs. P-U
And I don't see you
With me no more
Now tell everybody THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW

[Chorus: Kanye West]
THAT YOU KNOW
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW

L-L-L-L-LETTING YOU KNOW
Tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you no more
And that's one thing THAT YOU KNOW
THAT YOU KNOW



On lonely nights I start to fade 
(On lonely nights I start to fade) 
Her love is a thousand miles away 
(Her love is a thousand miles away) 
Memories made in the coldest winter 
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 

Memories made in the coldest winter 

It's 4am and I can't sleep 
(It's 4am and I can't sleep) 
Her love is all that I can see 
(Her love is all that I can see) 
Memories made in the coldest winter 
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 

Memories made in the coldest winter 
Winter, winter 

Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again 

If spring can take the snow away 
(If spring can take the snow away) 
Can it melt away all of our mistakes 
(Can it melt away all of our mistakes) 
Memories made in the coldest winter 
Goodbye my friend I won't ever love again 

Never Again



Wise men say
Wise men say
Wise men say
The baddest niggas out there bro
Never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love
You'll never figure out real love

Its so crazy
I got everything figured out
But for some reason I can never find what real love is about
No doubt
Everything in the world figured out but I can never seem to find what real love is about

Do you think I sacrificed real life
For all the fame of flashing lights?
Do you think I sacrifice a real life
For all the fame of flashing lights?

There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
To get my heart out of this hell
And my mind out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
That could turn back the time
There is no vacation spot I could fly
That could bring back a piece of real life
Real life, what does it feel like?
I ask you tonight, I ask you tonight
What does it feel like, I ask you tonight
To live a real life
I just want to be a real boy
They always say Kanye, he keeps it real boy
Pinocchio story is, I just want to be a real boy
Pinocchio story is to be a real boy

Its funny Pinocchio lied and that's what kept him from it
I tell the truth and I keep running
Its like I'm looking for something out there trying to find something
I turn on the TV and see me and see nothing

What does it feel like to live real life to be real?
Not some facade on TV that no can really feel
Do you really have the stamina...
For everybody that sees you and that say 'where's my camera?'
For everybody that sees you and says 'sign my autograph'
For everybody that sees you and says that 'you all that'
You all that
I just want to be a real boy,
Pinocchio story goes, I just want to be a real boy
Pinocchio story goes...

And there is no Gepetto to guide me, no one right beside me
The only one was behind me I cant find her no more,
I cant find her no more I cant...
the only one that come out on the tour and stay, stay, stay...
Back when I was living at home and this was all a big dream

And the fame will be got caught
And the day I moved to LA
Maybe that was all my fault
All my fault to be a real boy
Chasing the American dream,
Chasing everything we seen
Up on the TV screen
And when I- the Benz was left
And the clothes was left
And the hoes was left
You talk the hoes to death thinkin the money that the-
You spent the doughs to death
And tell me what-tf for a real boy

They say Kanye you keep it too real boy
Perspective and Wise man say, one day you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say, you'll find your way
The wise man say



[Nicki Minaj:]
You might think you've peeped the scene
You haven't
The real one's far too mean
The watered-down one
The one you know
Was made up centuries ago
They made it sound all wack and corny
Yes, it's awful blasted boring
Twisted fiction
Sick addiction
Well gather round children
Zip it
Listen

[Teyana Taylor:]
Can we get much higher?
So high, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher?
So high, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher?
So high, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher?
So high, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
Me drown sorrow in that Diablo
Me found bravery in my bravado
DJs need to listen to the models
You ain't got no fuckin' Yeezy in your Serato?
(You ain't got no Yeezy, nigga?)
Stupid, but what the hell do I know?
I'm just a Chi-town nigga with a Nas flow
And my chick in that new Phoebe Philo
So much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

[Teyana Taylor:]
Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
Sex is on fire, I'm the King of Leon-a Lewis
Beyond the truest
Hey, teacher, teacher
Tell me how do you respond to students?
And refresh the page and restart the memory?
Respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
We stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
Sorry for the night demons still visit me
The plan was to drink until the pain over
But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?
Fresh air, rolling down the window
Too many Urkels on your team, that's why your wins low
Don't make me pull the toys out, huh
Don't make me pull the toys
And fire up the engines
And then they make noise

[Teyana Taylor:]
Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

[Kanye West and Bon Iver:]
At the mall there was a seance
Just kids, no parents
Then the sky filled with herons
(I saw the devil) In a Chrysler LeBaron
And the hell, it wouldn't spare us
And the fires did declare us
But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress
And woke up back in Paris

[Teyana Taylor:]
Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh



[Kid Cudi:]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
Not for nothing I've foreseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
No more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Kanye West:]
Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it's random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted and some job opportunities that's lucrative

This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you don't know who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied 'til all my niggas get it, get it?

[Kid Cudi:]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Kanye West:]
Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion?
The soul music of the slaves that the youth is missing
But this is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo smiling, they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me

I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
If a nigga ain't shooting a jump shot running a track meet
But this pimp is, at the top of mount Olympus
Ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics
We make 'em say ho 'cause the game is so pimpish
Choke a South Park writer with a fish stick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
And these drugs, niggas can't resist it
Remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
If I ever wasn't the greatest, nigga, I must have missed it

[Kid Cudi:]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Kanye West:]
I need more drinks and less lights
And that American Apparel girl in just tights
She told the director she tryna get into school
He said, "Take them glasses off and get in the pool."
It's been a while since I watched the tube
'Cause like a crip said, "I got way too many blues for any more bad news."
I was looking at my resume, feeling real fresh today
They rewrite history I don't believe in yesterday
And what's a black beetle anyway, a fucking roach
I guess that's why they got me sitting in fucking coach
My God said I need a different approach
'Cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
It's not funny anymore try different jokes
Tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
And kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I got it
Play strings for the dramatic
Ending of that wack shit
Act like I ain't had a belt in two classes
I ain't got it I'm coming after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever who has it
You blowing up, that's good, fantastic
That y'all, it's like that ya'll
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
'Cause the same people that tried to black ball me
Forgot about 2 things, my black balls

[Kid Cudi:]
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

[Raekwon:]
I done copped Timb's, lived in lenses, kid
Armani suits, fresh fruits, Bally boots and Benzes
Counting up, smoking, one cuff
Live as a red Jag, a Louis bag, grabbing a blunt, fuck it
Steam about a hundred and one Ls
Kites off the jails, buying sweats, running up in Stetson
Nigga hat game was special
It matched every black pair of Nikes
Throwing dice for decimals
The older head, bolder head, would train a soldier head
Make sure he right in the field, not a soldier dead
That meant code red
Bent off the black skunk
The black dutch, back of the old shed
If you can't live, you dying
You give or buy in
Keep it real or keep it moving, keep grinding
Keep shining, to every young man, this is a plan
Learn from others like your brothers Rae and Kanye

[Kid Cudi:]
Not for nothing I've foreseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
No more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down



Oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, hey

I'm living in the 21st century doin' something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
21st century schizoid man

The system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker, we rollin',
Huh? Motherfucker, we rollin'
With some light skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man world we the ones chosen
So goodnight cruel world I'll see you in the mornin',
Huh? I'll see you in the mornin'
This is way too much, I need a moment.

No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin'. I just count the hours
Stop trippin'. I'm tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
21st century schizoid man

Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my ass hole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes!
You short minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian,
My ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone, with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My child-like creativity, purity and honesty is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrusted me me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece thinking...

No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the powder
'Til then, fuck that the world's ours
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
And they say, and they say
21st century schizoid man

[Verse 3]
Colin Powells, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well that's a pretty bad way to start a conversation
At the end of the day goddamn it I'm killin' this shit
I know damn well ya'll feelin' this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick
I ain't got a power trip who you going home with?
How 'Ye doin'? I'm surviving
I was drinkin' earlier now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches huh? Where ya hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'...

Oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey
Hey, hey

[3x]
Now this'll be a beautiful death
[Dwele:]
I'm jumping out the window
I'm letting everything go
I'm letting everything go

You got the power to let power flow

[Ad-lib]
21st century schizoid man



[Tony Williams and Kanye West:]
All of the lights
All of the lights
All of the lights
Lights
All of the lights

[Rihanna:]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Elly Jackson and Rihanna:]
Fast cars, shooting stars

[Rihanna and Alicia Keys:]
(all of the lights, all of the lights)
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are
(all of the lights, all of the lights)
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life [2x]

[Kanye West:]
Something wrong
I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead!
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way heading up the stairs
To my surprise a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

All of the lights
Cop lights, flashlights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
All of the lights
All of the lights
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night
(all of the lights)

[Rihanna:]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Kanye West:]
Restraining order
Can't see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation
We met at Borders
Told her she take me back
I'll be more supportive
I made mistakes
I bumped my head
Courts sucked me dry
I spent that bread
She need a daddy
Baby, please, can't let her grow up in that ghetto university

All of the lights
Cop lights, flashlights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
All of the lights
All of the lights
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night
(all of the lights)

[Rihanna:]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Kid Cudi:]
Getting mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Get it right, ay
You should go and get your own

Getting mine, baby
Gotta let these niggas know, yeah
Get it right, ay
You should go and get your own

[Fergie:]
Unemployment line, credit card declined
Did I not mention I was about to lose my mind?
And also was about to do that line
Okay, okay, you know we going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time
We going all the way this time

[Rihanna:]
We going all the way this time

[Alicia Keys, Rihanna, Drake:]
We going all the way this time

[The Dream, Tony Williams, Ryan Leslie, John Legend, Charlie Wilson, Alvin Fields, Ken Lewis:]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need,
Want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Alicia Keys (Elton John):]
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was oh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was oh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say was oh)
Whoa, whoa
(I tried to tell you but all I could say)



[Bon Iver:]
I shoot the lights out
Hide 'til it's bright out
Whoa, just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?

[Rick Ross:]
Bitch I'm a monster no good blood sucker
Fat motherfucker now look who's in trouble
As you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles
Kanye West sample, here's one for example

[Kanye West]
Gossip gossip
Nigga just stop it
Everybody know (I'm a motherfucking monster)
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit profit, nigga I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands...

The best living or dead hands down huh?
Less talk more head right now huh?
And my eyes more red than the devil is
And I'm bout to take it to another level bitch
None of who you go and get, ain't nobody cold as this
Do the rap and attract triple double no assist
And my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
Argue with my older bitch acting like I owe her shit
I heard the people saying raps are getting trap mayne
Bought the chain that always give me back pain
Fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
She came up to me and said this the number 2 gal
If you wanna make it number one you're number 2 now
This that goose and Malibu I call it Malibooya
God damn Yeezy how we hit em with the new style
Know that motherfucker well, what you gonna do now
Whatever I wanna do, gosh it's cool now
Nah gonna do, uh it's a new now
Think you motherfucker really really need to cool down
'Cause you will never get on top of this
So mommy best advice is just to get on top of this
Have you ever had sex with a pharaoh
I put the pussy in a sarcophagus
Now she claiming that I bruise her esophagus
Head of the class and she just won a swallowship
I'm living in the future so the present is my past
My presence is a present kiss my ass

[Kanye West]
Gossip gossip
Nigga just stop it
Everybody know (I'm a motherfucking monster)
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit profit, nigga I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands...

[Jay-Z:]
Sasquatch, Godzilla, King Kong
Loch Ness, Goblin, Ghoul, a zombie with no conscience
Question what do these things all have in common
Everybody knows I'm a motherfucking monster
Conquer, stomp ya, stop your silly nonsense
Nonsense, none of you niggas know where the swamp is
None of you niggas have seen the carnage that I've seen
I still hear fiends scream in my dreams
Murder murder in black convertibles
I kill a block I murder the avenues
I rape and pillage a village, women and children
Everybody wanna know what my Achilles' heel is
Love I don't get enough of it
All I get is these vampires and blood suckers
All I see is these niggas I've made millionaires
Milling about, spilling their feelings in the air
All I see is these fake fucks with no fangs
Tryna draw blood from my ice cold veins
I smell a massacre
Seems to be the only way to back you bastards up

[Kanye West]
Gossip gossip
Nigga just stop it
Everybody know (I'm a motherfucking monster)
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
Profit profit, nigga I get it
Everybody know I'm a motherfucking monster
I'mma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I'mma need to see your fucking hands...

[Nicki Minaj:]
Pull up in the monster
Automobile gangster
With a bad bitch that came from Sri Lanka
Yeah I'm in that Tonka, colour of Willy Wonka
You could be the King but watch the Queen conquer
OK first things first I'll eat your brains
Then I'mma start rocking gold teeth and fangs
'Cause that's what a motherfucking monster do
Hairdresser from Milan, that's the monster do
Monster Giuseppe heel that's the monster shoe
Young Money is the roster and a monster crew
And I'm all up all up all up in the bank with the funny face
And if I'm fake I ain't notice 'cause my money ain't
Let me get this straight wait I'm the rookie
But my features and my shows ten times your pay?
50k for a verse, no album out!
Yeah my money's so tall that my Barbie's gotta climb it
Hotter than a middle eastern climate
Find it Tony Matterhorn dutty wine it
While it, Nicki on them titties when I sign it
Have these niggas so one-track minded
But really really I don't give a F-U-C-K
Forget Barbie fuck Nicki 'cause she's fake
She on a diet but her pockets eating cheese cake
And I'll say Bride of Chucky is child's play
Just killed another career it's a mild day
Besides 'Ye they can't stand besides me
I think me, you and Am should ménage Friday
Pink wig, thick ass, give em whiplash
I think big get cash make em blink fast
Now look at what you just saw, this is what you live for
Ah, I'm a motherfucking monster!

[Bon Iver:]
I-I crossed the line-line
And I'll-I'll let God decide-cide
I-I wouldn't last these shows
So I-I am headed home
[Repeated]



[Swizz Beatz:]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Kanye West:]
I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck about y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'

Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is fucking ridiculous

[Jay-Z:]
How should I begin this? I'm just so offended
How am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
I'm so appalled, I might buy the mall
Just to show niggas how much more I have in store
I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause
All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers
Dark Knight feeling, die and be a hero
Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
I went from the favorite to the most hated
But would you rather be underpaid or overrated?
Moral victories is for minor league coaches
And 'Ye already told you we major, you cockroaches
Show me where the boats is, Ferrari Testarossas
And Hammer went broke so you know I'm more focused
I lost 30 mil, so I spent another 30
Cause unlike Hammer, thirty million can't hurt me
Fucking insane, the fuck am I saying?
Not only am I fly, I'm fucking not playing
All these little bitches too big for they britches
Burning they little bridges, fucking ridiculous

[Kanye West:]
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is fucking ridiculous

[Pusha T:]
Success is what you make it, take it how it come
A half a mil in twenties like a billion where I'm from
An arrogant drug dealer, the legend I become
CNN said I'd be dead by 21
Blackjack, I just pulled an ace
As you looking at the king in his face
Everything I dream, motherfuckers, I'm watching it take shape
While to you I'm just a young rich nigga that lacks faith
Range Rove, leather roof, love war, fuck a truce
Still move a bird like I'm in bed with Mother Goose
Them hoes coming in a baker's dozen
Claiming they was with me when they know they really wasn't
I keep the city's best, never said she was the brightest
So if you had her too, it don't affect me in the slightest
I never met a bitch that didn't need a little guidance
So I dismiss her past until she disappoints your highness
I speak the gospel, hostile
Tony doing time for what he did to nostrils
Paranoid mind, I'm still under the watchful
Eye of the law, aspire for more
Them kilos came, we gave you Bobby Brown jaw
Flaws ain't flaws when it's you that makes the call
Flow similar to the legends of the falls
Spill it, I own you all, yeah

[Swizz Beatz:]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

[Cyhi The Prynce:]
Hah, I am so outrageous
I wear my pride on my sleeve like a bracelet
If God had an iPod, I'd be on his playlist
My phrases amazes the faces in places
The favorite, hah, my cup overrunneth with hundreds
Dummy, damn, it's hard not for me to waste it
The new Commandment: "Thou shalt not hate, kid"
My movement is like the civil rights, I'm Ralph David
Abernathy, so call my lady Rosa Parks
I am nothing like them niggas, baby, those are marks
I met this girl on Valentine's Day, fucked her in May
She found out about April, so she chose to march
Hah, damn another broken heart
I keep bitches by the twos, nigga, Noah's ark
I got a seven on me, I call my 'dro Lamar
Plus a Trojan in my pocket, Matt Leinart
G-A-T in the Pathfinder
Cause you haters got PhDs
Y'all just some major haters and some math minors
Tiger Woods, don't make me grab iron

[RZA:]
Ayo, champagne wishes and thirty white bitches
You know the shit is fucking ridiculous
Cars for the missus and furs for the mistress
You know that shit is fucking ridiculous

[Swizz Beatz:]
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes, this shit ridiculous
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man, ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous



[Kanye West:]
I love it though
I love it though, you know

Uh put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

May the Lord forgive us
May the gods be with us
In that magic hour I seen good Christians make brash decisions
Oh she do it, what happened to Religion?
Oh she lose it
She putting on her make-up
She casually allure
Text message break-ups, the casualty of tour
How she gon' wake up and not love me no more
I thought I was the asshole, I guess it's rubbing off
Hood phenomenon, the Lebron of rhyme
Hard to be humble when you stunting on a Jumbotron
I'm looking at her like "this what you really wanted, huh?"
Why we argue anyway, oh I forgot it's summertime

Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
We love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan (Satan, Satan, Satan)
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
We ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

When the sun go down it's the magic hour
The magic hour
And outta all the colours that'll fill up the skies
You got green on your mind
I can see it in your eyes
Why you standing there with your face screwed up?
Don't leave while you're hot that's how Mase screwed up
Throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
Maybe I should call Mase so he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered the jerk, she said, "You are what you eat."
You see I always loved that sense of humour
But tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
The Lyor Cohen or Dior Homme
That's "Dior Homme" not "Dior, homie"
The crib Scarface, could it be more Tony?
You love me for me could you be more phony?

Put your hands to the constellations
The way you look should be a sin, you my sinsation
Haven't said a word,
Haven't said a word to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?

[Rick Ross:]
Lookin' at my bitch I bet she give your ass a bone
Lookin' at my wrist it'll turn your ass to stone
Stretch limousine, sippin' Rosé all alone
Double-headed monster with a mind of his own
Cherry red chariot, excess is just my character
All black tux, nigga shoes lavender
I never needed acceptance from all you outsiders
Had cyphers with Yeezy before his mouth wired
Before his jaw shattered climbin' up the Lord's ladder
We still speedin', runnin' signs like they don't matter
Uh, hater talkin' never made me mad
Never that, not when I'm in my favorite papertag
Therefore G4s at the Clearport
When it come to tools, fool I'm a Pep Boy
When it came to dope, I was quick to export
Never tired of ballin' so it's on to the next sport
New Mercedes sedan, the Lex sport
So many cars DMV thought it was mail fraud
Different traps, I was gettin' mail from
Polk County, Jacksonville, rep Melbourne
Whole clique's appetite had tapeworms
Spinnin' Teddy Pendergrass vinyl as my jay burns
I shed a tear before the night's over
God bless the man I put this ice over
Gettin' 2Pac money twice over
Still a real nigga, red Coogi sweater, dice roller
I'm makin' love to the angel of death
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps



[Kanye West:]
Look at you [14x]
Look at you [8x]
Ladies and gentlemen, la-ladies and gentlemen

And I always find, yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'd never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

She find pictures in my e-mail
I sent this bitch a picture of my dick.
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good at that shit.
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hood rats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

And I always find
Yeah, I always find,
Yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'd never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

Run away from me, baby
Run away
Run away from me, baby
(Look at you, look at you, look at you)
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
(Look at you, look at you, look at you)
Just run away
Baby I got a plan
Run away as fast as you can

Run away from me, baby
Run away
Run away from me, baby
(Look at, look at, look at, look at, look at, look at, look at you)
Run away
When it starts to get crazy
(Look at you, look at you, look at you)
Why can't she just, run away?
Baby I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

[Pusha T:]
24/7, 365, pussy stays on my mind
I-I-I-I did it
All right, all right, I admit it
Now pick your next move, you could leave or live with it
Ichabod Crane with that motherfuckin' top off
Split and go where? Back to wearin' knock-offs, ha, ha?
Knock it off, Neiman's, shop it off
Let's talk over Mai Tais, waitress, top it off
Hoes like vultures, wanna fly in your Freddy loafers
You can't blame 'em, they ain't never seen Versace sofas
Every bag, every blouse, every bracelet
Comes with a price tag, baby, face it
You should leave if you can't accept the basics
Plenty hoes in a baller-nigga matrix
Invisibly set, the Rolex is faceless
I'm just young, rich, and tasteless
P!

[Kanye:]
Never was much of a romantic,
I could never take the intimacy.
And I know I did damage,
'Cause the look in your eyes is killing me,
I guess you knew in an advantage
'Cause you could blame me for everything.
And I don't know how I'mma manage,
If one day you just up and leave
And I always find yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast for the jerk-offs
That'd never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can



I think I just fell in love with a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bitter-sweet taste made his gold teeth ache, uh
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint, uh
Make a nun cum, make her cremate, uh
Move downtown, cop a sweet space, uh
Livin' life like we won the sweepstakes, what!
We headed to hell for heaven's sakes, huh!
Well, I'mma levitate, make the devil wait, yeah!

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me,
Pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and, baby, we'll live a hell of a life

Never in your wildest dreams,
Never in your wildest dreams
In your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams,
Comin' from inside the screen
You a wild bitch
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It's kinda crazy that's all considered the same thing
Well, I guess a lot of niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me,
Pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and, baby, we'll live a hell of a life

One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
We'll have a big ass crib and a long yard
We'll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin' to hide, we both screwed the bride's maid
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I'mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin' to on Oscar day
'Specially if she can't get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn't rent her they couldn't take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, "Get away."
How could you say they live they life wrong
When you never fuck with the lights on?

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me,
Pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and, baby, we'll live a hell of a life

I think I fell in love with a porn star
And got married in a bathroom
Honeymoon on the dance floor
And got divorced by the end of the night
That's one hell of a life



[Kanye West:]
Whose fault?

[John Legend:]
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.

I'll call you bitch for short as a last resort and my first resort.
You call me motherfucker for long,
At the end of it you know we both were wrong.

But I love to play the blame game, I love you more.
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.

[Kanye West:]
On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than be with someone else."
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing and harvesting the feelings, yo I'd rather be by my fucking self
'Til about 2 AM and I call back and I hang up and I start to blame myself
Somebody help

[John Legend:]
Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call her names, names, I hate you more.
Let's call her names, names for sure.

[Kanye West:]
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom gripping you up fuckin' and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine

And you ain't finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other nigga's stroking you
Lying, say I hit you,
He sitting there consoling you
Running my name through the mud
Who's provoking you
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1 A.M. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brother's phone like what was I supposed to do
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon' say whatever that you told him to
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Chuck dirt on each other like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
That ain't right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said Yeezy I ain't your right girl
You probably find one of them "I like art"–type girls
All of her life, she was caught in the hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
Then who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game...

[John Legend:]
Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.

[Kanye West:]
"Things used to be, now they're not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely."
―Chloe Mitchell

Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.

I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
No, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much

And I know that you were somewhere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just rang and rang
You ain't pick up but your phone accidentally called me back
And I heard the whole thing.
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing...

["The Best Birthday" Chris Rock:]
Oh my God
Baby, you done took this shit to another motherfucking level
Now a neighbourhood nigga like me ain't supposed to be getting no pussy like this
God damn, God damn! Who taught you how to get sexy for a nigga?
(Yeezy taught me)
You never used to talk dirty, but now you—you got damn disgusting,
My—my God, where—where'd you learn that?
(Yeezy taught me)
Look at you motherfucking butt ass naked with them motherfucking Jimmy Choos on
Who taught you how to put some motherfucking Jimmy Choos on?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yo you took your pussy game up a whole 'nother level, this is some Cirque du Soleil pussy now, shit!
You done went all porno on a nigga, OK. And I, and I love it.
And I thank you, I thank you, my dick thanks you!
How d'you learn, how—how did your pussy game come up?
(Yeezy taught me)
I was fucking parts of your pussy I've never fucked before
I was in there like, "Oh, shit, I've never been here before." I've never even seen this part of pussy town before.
It's like you got this shit re-upholstered or some shit. What the fuck happened?
Who, who the fuck got your pussy all re-upholstered?
(Yeezy re-upholstered my pussy)
You know what, I got to thank Yeezy.
And when I see that nigga I'mma thank him.
I'mma buy the album, I'mma download that motherfucker I'mma shoot a bootlegger!
That's how good I feel about this nigga
Oww, I still can't believe you got me this watch. This motherfucker is the exact motherfucker I wanted
Even with the bezel this is the motherfucker I wanted. I saw this shit, I saw that Twista had this shit on in The Source. I remember, Twista had this motherfucker on in The Source
That's right, that's right! Yo yo babe, yo yo this is the best birthday ever!
Where you learn to treat a nigga like this?
(Yeezy taught me)
Yeezy taught you well, Yeezy taught you well.



[Sample From "Woods": Justin Vernon]
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time
I'm up in the woods, I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still to slow down the time

[2x]
I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Said she's down for the night

[Kanye West:]
You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Ma ma se, ma ma se, ma ma ku sa
Lost in this plastic life,
Let's break out of this fake ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each other's arms still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each other's arms still get laid

(I'm lost in the world)
Run from the lights, run from the night,
(I'm down on my mind)
Run for your life,
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life,
I'm new in the city but I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night

Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?

I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Said she's down for the night
I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city and I'm goin' for a ride
Goin' for a ride
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life
I'm new in the city but I'm down the for the night
Down for a night, down for a good time

[Gil-Scott Heron:]
Us living as we do upside down.
And the new word to have is revolution.
People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued.
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey.
The youngsters who were programmed to continue fucking up woke up one night digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys.
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes.
The signs of truth were tattooed across our open ended vagina.
We learned to our amazement the untold tale of scandal.
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault, hosed down daily with a gagging perfume.
America was a bastard, the illegitimate daughter of the mother country whose legs were then spread around the world and a rapist known as freedom, free doom.
Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names that preceded the bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling bubbling in the mother country's crotch

What does Webster say about soul?
All I want is a good home and a wife
And our children and some food to feed them every night.
After all is said and done build a new route to China if they'll have you.

Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?



Us living as we do upside-down
And the new word to have is revolution
People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel
Because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey
The youngsters who were programmed
To continue fucking up woke up one night
Digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes
The signs of truth were tattooed across our often entered vagina
We learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault
Hosed down daily with a gagging perfume
America was a bastard
The illegitimate daughter of the mother country
Whose legs were then spread around the world
And a rapist known as freedom, free-DOOM
Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names
That preceded, the bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin'
In the mother country's crotch
What does Webster say about soul?
"All I want is a good home and a wife
And a children, and some food to feed them every night"
After all is said and done, build a new route to China if they'll have you
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
[clapping]



I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(You see)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now)
I know you see me now right now

[Beyoncé:]
I got my suit and tie
And I don't know if y'all know
Well, maybe y'all do
Or maybe y'all don't
But I don't really care
It's how we on it all the time
So I'mma get my money
Let's go

[Kanye West:]
Now, I'mma need you to kill the hypocrisy
This is an aristocracy
I'm Socrates, but my skin more chocolaty
What's up with who? That's old news
I'm in a speedboat, in my boat shoes
Huh? I swear my whole collection's so cool
I might walk in Nobu with no shoes
He just walked in Nobu like it was Whole Foods!
That nigga crazy, I told you!
Immature adult (uh huh), insecure asshole (what else?)
And if you fall on the concrete, that's yo' ass fault
If you pass on a Kon beat, that's yo' last fault
Get what you ask for, I swear that's yo' ass, so
She got a big booty, but she couldn't drop that ass low
'Til you take yo' last ho, and rope up all the cash flow
When you gettin' money, they be all up on yo' ass, yo
When you gettin' money cops don't let a nigga pass go
Straight to jail, yo, in a hell hole
Right next to Lucifer, tell 'im I say, "Hello."
Ask him if I'mma be there soon and tell 'im I said, "Hell, no!"
Yo, what you say when your people get out of jail, huh?

[Beyoncé (Kanye West):]
My niggas is home
I guess I got everything
Everything I want
(Let's go shopping dog, let's celebrate)
But I don't
No matter how good it gets
(Free Weezy though)
It'll never be like before
No women in the crowd
Screamin' and it's loud
Doin' things not allowed
And I swear it's goin' down right now
(You know what it is)
I know one thing, my mama would be proud
And you see me lookin' up
'Cause I know she's lookin' down right now

[Charlie Wilson:]
I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now, right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now)
I know you see me now right now

[Kanye West:]
Pour the champagne, let your watch show
Shorty got a man watch, wrist look colossal
I admit my first watch was a Fossil
Now I'm in the Louvre, lookin' for fossils
Attention to detail is so uncanny
And the whip's on the Sprewells, it's so un-Camry
Somebody need to put us on camera
The world of Rollies and everyone families
Stay Jordan fresh, suits and Ferraris
Cute, your shorty watch Barney's, we head to Bonny's
End up at Marni, Giorgio, service from Sergio Tacchini
Lamborghini, the chain throw off the vertigo
I know the flow just hit a hellified vertical
This the Christ year, last year was magic, thirty-two
Lyrically, can't none of y'all murder 'Ye
'Cause y'all raps ain't got no vertebrae
I got style ask June if she heard of me
I killed the fur last Paris, raised the murder rate
First of all, we all know the beats is
Like a mix between Fergie and Jesus
Imagine the direction of this immaculate conception
Every one of His Majesty's swim parties is pageantries
Cannonball off the diving board when I am bored
All my homies GDs, but I am Lord
Rap god, Greek mythology
And this life too crazy to think logically
Here's something that you could use as an analogy
My life is like a child's illusions become reality

[Beyoncé:]
Now go get my throne
'Cause I don't wanna stop
I just go in my zone
And I'mma make it hot
'Til it's time to go
When it's time to go
Where you tryna go?
You better act like you can see me now
(Exactly!)
(Rosewood)

[Charlie Wilson:]
I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now, right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now)
I know you see me now right now

[Kanye West and Charlie Wilson:]
I know you see me
I know you see me
I know you see me
It's like I'm 3D
I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now, right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now)
I know you see me now right now
I know you see me
I know you see me
I know you see me
It's like I'm 3D
I know you see me now right now
(I know you see me now right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now, right now)
I know you see me now right now
(Right now)
I know you see me now right now

[Big Sean:]
Man today I am the freshest in the world
But that's the obvious, damn I look so sexy
And you look like a pile of shit
When I told my ex I loved her she went and married another
And changed her whole name up
You a Yugoslavi chick
"Be successful," that's what they told me
So everything I D.O. now I O.D.
They say G.O.O.D. Music like the new Miami Heat
Shit comparing them to us, man, they gotta add Kobe
Whodie, holy moley went from G-shocking to Rolly
From the D-cop to Beverly Hills, I'm Axel Foley
Nah, nah baby boy you Jody in the party they all know me
Yeah, I saw your ass in line, boy, you was looking like the old me
Presidential suit, my girls Michelle and Chanel
She gave me designer uh she keep it au natural
I say it again I'm chasing cheese, dodging rat traps
Chasing pussy you might end up with a Kat Stacks
Nasty trick, you's a nasty chick
Oooh! You know I like that nasty shh!
Got it made in every way, getting paid every day
What Sean sound like? 'Ye protégé
Nah, he sound like he a pro to me
I know Kanye a jerk how could you say that?
He rode me and my mama 'round in his Maybach
What kind of jerk is that?
What kind of jerks is y'all?
Fuck it if he a jerk, I bet you jerk him off
Bet you take it off and chase him through the mall
We working twice as hard so everything come in twos
Double drinks, double girls
We be getting paid like W-2s
Rep Westside throwing up Ws
We love you Sean! I love you too!
Ooo, Ooo!
You know how I do!

[Kanye West talking:]
Hey, feel like one of those old R. Kelly joints, right?
I bet they put me back on the cover of Ebony now
I know Jet magazine calling right now
You looking good today too, I like that
You got your new suit on and she got the extra cute on
I know you thinking, This that Yeezy we all love
I'm back, baby, we back, baby
Uncle Charlie, by the way
And I'mma let you finish, but I got Beyoncé on the track
That's what it is
Black excellence, baby
This is the elite
We the greatest in the world, baby!
We the greatest in the world!
Yeah, Lex Luger, No ID, Yeezy, uh



[Frank Ocean]
Human beings in a mob
What’s a mob to a king?
What’s a king to a god?
What’s a god to a non-believer?
Who don’t believe in anything?

We make it out alive
All right, all right
No church in the wild

[Jay-Z]
Tears on the mausoleum floor
Blood stains the coliseum doors
Lies on the lips of a priest
Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Rollin’ in the Rolls-Royce Corniche
Only the doctors got this, I’m hidin’ from police
Cocaine seats
All white like I got the whole thing bleached
Drug dealer chic
I’m wonderin’ if a thug’s prayers reach
Is Pious pious cause God loves pious?
Socrates asks, “Whose bias do y’all seek?”
All for Plato, screech
I’m out here ballin’, I know y’all hear my sneaks
Jesus was a carpenter, Yeezy, laid beats
Hova flow the Holy Ghost, get the hell up out your seats
Preach

[Frank Ocean]
Human beings in a mob
What’s a mob to a king?
What’s a king to a god?
What’s a god to a non-believer?
Who don’t believe in anything?

We make it out alive
All right, all right
No church in the wild

[The-Dream]
I live by you, desire
I stand by you, walk through the fire
Your love is my scripture
Let me into your encryption

[Kanye West:]
Coke on her black skin made a stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there’s permission’
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody wit’out tellin’ me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun comin’ up, 5 a.m.
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinkin’ ’bout the girl in all-leopard
Who was rubbin’ the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos, one read “No Apologies”
The other said “Love is cursed by monogamy”
That’s somethin’ that the pastor don’t preach
That’s somethin’ that a teacher can’t teach
When we die, the money we can’t keep
But we probably spend it all ’cause the pain ain’t cheap
Preach

[Frank Ocean:]
Human beings in a mob
What’s a mob to a king?
What’s a king to a god?
What’s a god to a non-believer?
Who don’t believe in anything?

Will he make it out alive
All right, all right
No church in the wild
No church in the wild
No church in the wild
No church in the wild



(All engines running)

[Beyonce:]
We gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I’m supercharged
I’m ’bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
You don’t know what we been through to make it this far
So many scars
‘Bout to take this whole thing to Mars

[Kanye West:]
Lift off
Lift off, takin’ my coat off
Showin’ my tattoos, I’m such a showoff (Huh?)
I feel the pain and then rolled off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas wit’ me up in this bitch?
How many people wanna roll with me now?
Like you know na na na, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now

[Beyonce:]
We gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I’m supercharged
I’m ’bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
You don’t know what we been through to make it this far
So many scars
‘Bout to take this whole thing to Mars
(Lift off, ahh, ahh)

[Kanye West:]
Like you know na na na, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now
You know me know me by now
Know me, know me by now…

[Jay-Z:]
Lift off
Rappers hear watch the throne
They gon be pissed off
Earth is boring to em
Shit is making my dick soft
When you Earnhart as me eventually you hit a big wall
5-4-3-2 we need fuel
Lift off

[Beyonce:]
We gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
How many people you know can take it this far?
I’m supercharged
I’m ’bout to take this whole thing to Mars

Now we gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars
You don’t know what we been through to make it this far
So many scars
‘Bout to take this whole thing to Mars

(20 seconds and counting)
(T-minus 15 seconds, guidance is internal)
(12, 11, 10, 9)
(Ignition sequence start)
(6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1)
(Zero, all engine running)
(Lift off, we have a liftoff)

(We gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars)
(We gon’ take it to the moon, take it to the stars)
(How many people you know can take it this far?)
(Take it to the stars)
(How many people you know can take it this far?)
(Now we gon’, now we gon’, now we gon’…)



[Chazz Michael Michaels:] We're gonna skate to one song and one song only.

(Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me)

[Jay-Z:]
So I ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
first niggas gotta find me
What's 50 grand to a muhfucka like me
Can you please remind me?
Ball so hard, this shit crazy
Y'all don't know that don't shit phase me
The Nets could go 0-82 and I look at you like this shit gravy
Ball so hard, this shit weird
We ain't even supposed to be here,
Ball so hard, since we here
It's only right that we be fair
Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael
Take your pick, Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6
Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock
Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks
Ball so hard, I'm shocked too,
I'm supposed to be locked up too
you escaped what I've escaped
You'd be in Paris getting fucked up too
Ball so hard, let's get faded, Le Meurice for like 6 days
Gold bottles, scold models, spillin' Ace on my sick J's
So ball so hard, bitch behave, just might let you meet Ye,
Chi towns D. Rose, I'm movin' the Nets to BK

[2x]
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
That shit cray [3x]

[Kanye West:]
She said Ye can we get married at the mall?
I said look you need to crawl 'fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
Ball so hard
That shit cray (that shit cray), ain't it Jay?
Ball so hard
What she order (what she order), fish filet
Ball so hard
Your whip so cold (whip so cold), this old thing
Ball so hard
Act like you'll never be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that bitch she don't wanna dance
Excuse my French but I'm in France (I'm just sayin')
Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me
'Cause I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley
What's Gucci my nigga?
What's Louis my killa?
What's drugs my deala?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I'm the illest
'Cause I'm suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh!

[(Chazz Michael Michaels) Jimmy MacElroy:]
I don't even know what that means.
(No one knows what it means, but it's provocative)
No, it's not, it's gross
(It gets the people going!)

[Jay-Z:]
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me
Ball so hard muhfuckas wanna fine me

[Kanye West:]
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me get in my zone [3x]
These other niggas is lyin'
Actin' like the summer ain't mine

[Jay-Z:]
I got that hot bitch in my home

[Kanye West:]
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don't let me get in my zone [4x]
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I'm bout to kill it
How you know, I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don't let me into my zone [2x]

[Jay-Z and Kanye West:]
I'm definitely in my zone



[Otis Redding]
It makes it easier, easier to bear, yeah
You won't regret it, no no
No, girls they don't forget it
LOVE is their home, happiness, yeah
Squee... squee... squee... squeeze her
Don't tease her, never leave her

[Jay-Z]
Sounds so soulful, don't you agree?
OWW! Uhh

I invented swag
Poppin bottles, puttin supermodels in the cab
Proof...
I guess I got my swagger back, truth
New watch alert, Hublot's
Or the big face Roley, I got two of those
Arm out the window through the city, I maneuver slow
Cock back, snap back, see my cut through the holes; go

[Kanye West]
"Damn Yeezy and Hov', where the hell you been?"
Niggaz talkin real reckless, stuntmen
I adopted these niggaz, Phillip Drummond 'em
Now I'm 'bout to make 'em tuck they whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, well I'm 'bout to go dumb again
They ain't see me cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up cause we in this bitch another 'gain

[Jay-Z]
Yeah, photo shoot fresh, lookin like wealth
I'm 'bout to call the paparazzi on myself
Uh, live from the Mercer
Run up on Yeezy the wrong way I might murk ya
Flee in the G-450 I might surface
Political refugee asylum can be purchased
Uh, everything's for sale
I got five passports, I'm never goin to jail

[Kanye West]
I made "Jesus Walks" I'm never goin to hell
Couture level flow, it's never goin on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't 'custommed to goin through customs, you ain't been nowhere, huh?
And all the ladies in the house got 'em showin off
I'm done, I'll hit you up maña-naaaaaaaaaa!

[Jay-Z]
Welcome to Havana
Smokin Cubanas with Castro in cabanas
Viva México, Cubano
Dominicano, all the plugs that I know
Drivin Benzes, with no benefits
Not bad, huh? For some immigrants
Build your fences, we diggin tunnels
Can't you see we gettin money up under you?

[Kanye West (Jay-Z)]
Can't you see the private jets flyin over you?
Maybach bumper sticker read "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin (uhh) 'Ye is chillin (uhh)
What more can I say? (What more can I say?) We killin 'em
Hold up, before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lanes
Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne

[Otis Redding]
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Scream it! [3X]



[Kanye West:]
Turn my headphones up
Louder
Uh-huh, uh-huh

(What you need, what, what you need)
(What you need, what, what you need)
Oh (I got what you need)

Hello, hello, hello, White America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon’ act phonier? Who gon’ try to embarrass ya?
I’ma need a day off, I think I’ll call Ferris up

[Jay-Z:]
Bueller had a Mueller, but I switched it for a Miele
‘Cause I’m richer, and prior to this shit was movin’ freebase

[Kanye West (Jay-Z):]
Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah), Puerto Rico three-days
(Parlay with them GDs, now they got our shit on replay)
Sorry I’m in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
(Ain’t that where the Heat play?) Yep (Niggas hate ballers these days)
Ain’t that like LeBron James? (Ain’t that just like D-Wade)
(Wait)

(What you need, what, what you need)
(I got what you need, what, what you)
(What you need, what, what you need)
(I got what you need)
(Wassup, wassup, wassup, wassup)

[Jay-Z (Kanye West):]
Wassup, ma’fucka, where my money at?
You gon’ make me come down to your house where yo’ mummy at
Mummy wrap the kids, have ‘em cryin’ for they mummy back
Dummy that your daddy is, tell ‘em I just want my racks
(Racks on racks on racks) Racks
(Maybachs on bachs on bachs on bachs on bachs) Who in that?
(Oh shit, it’s just blacks on blacks on blacks)
(Hundred stack) How you get it? (Nigga, layin’ raps on tracks)
I wish I could give you this feelin’, I’m planking on a million
I’m riding through yo’ hood, you can bank I ain’t got no ceiling
(Made a left on Nostrand Ave.) Right (We in Bed Stuy)
Made a right on 79th, I’m coming down South Shore Drive
(I remain Chi-town) Brooklyn ‘til I die

(Take ‘em on home, take ‘em on home…)
(Take ‘em on home, take ‘em on home…)
(I got what you need, what, what you need)
(Take ‘em on home)
(What you need, what, what you need)
(I got what you need, what, what you need)
(Take ‘em on home, take ‘em on home…)
(Take ‘em on home, take ‘em on home…)
(Tryna hurt my name, huh?)



[Kanye West:]
Yeah, uh
(Sun in the sky)
(You know how I feel)
Me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
Yeah, me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(It’s a new life for me)
(For me, for me)
(Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’ good)

And I’ll never let my son have an ego
He’ll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean, I might even make ‘em be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I’ll never let ‘em leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind
And I’ll never let ‘em ever hit the telethon
I mean even if people dyin’ and the world ends
See, I just want ‘im to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life
Just want ‘im to be someone people like
Don’t want ‘im to be hated, all the time judged
Don’t be like your daddy that would never budge
And I’ll never let ‘im ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain’t the place to get love
And I’ll never let his mom move to L.A.
Knowin’ she couldn’t take the pressure, now we all pray

(Sun in the sky)
(You know how I feel)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(It’s a new life for me)
Me and the RZA connect
(For me, for me)
Me and the RZA connect (Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’ good)

[Jay-Z:]
Sorry junior, I already ruined ya
‘Cause you ain’t even alive, paparazzi pursuin’ ya
Sins of a father make yo’ life ten times harder
I just wanna take ya to a barber
Bondin’ on charters, all the shit that I never did
Teach ya good values, so you cherish it
Took me 26 years to find my path
My only job is cuttin’ the time in half
So at 13 we’ll have our first drink together
Black bar mitzvahs, mazel tov, mogul talk
Look a man dead in his eyes
So he know you talk truth when you speak it, give your word, keep it
And if the day comes I only see him on the weekend
I just pray we was in love on the night that we conceived him
Promise to never leave him even if his mama tweakin’
Cause my dad left me and I promise never repeat him
Never repeat him, never repeat him

(Sun in the sky)
(You know how I feel)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)

(It’s a new life for me)
(For me, for me)
(Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’ good)

(Sun in the sky, you know how I feel)
(Breeze driftin’ on by, you know how I feel)
(Breeze driftin’ on by, you know how I feel)
(It’s a new life for me)
(It’s a new dawn, it’s a new day)
(It’s a new life for me)
(Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’…)
(Birds flyin’ high, you know how I feel)



[Kanye West:]
Hello, can I speak to a, a, yeah you know who you are
Look, you had no idea what ya dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Something, something
Yeah. thats my bitch

Thats my bitch
Sh-shorty right there
Thats my bitch
Thats my bitch

[Chorus - Elly Jackson:]
I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life
And live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high

[Kanye West:]
I paid for them titties, get your own
It aint safe in the city, watch the throne
You say I care more about them basquion's, basquiats
She learning a new word, its yacht
Blew the World up as soon as I hit the club with her
Too Short called, told me "I fell in love with her"
Seen by actors, ball players and drug dealers
And some lesbians that never loved niggas
Twisted love story True Romance
Mary Magdalene from a pole dance
I'm a freak huh, rock star life
The second girl with us, thats our wife
Hey boys and girls, I got a new riddle
Who's the new old perv thats tryna play second fiddle
No disrespect, I'm not tryna belittle
But my dick worth money I put Monie in the middle

[Chorus - Elly Jackson:]
I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life
And live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high, high, high, high

Silly little vixen, mixes 'til morning
Not swerving, oh, yeah
Swear you never strolled on a bottle of that potion
Stop motion, ooh, yeah

[Jay-Z:]
Go harder than a nigga for a nigga go figure
Told me "keep my own money" if we ever did split up
How can somethin' so gangsta be so pretty in pictures?
With jeans and a blazer and some Louboutin slippers
Uh, Picasso was alive he woulda made her
Thats right nigga Mona Lisa can't fade her
I mean Marilyn Monroe, she's quite nice
But why all the pretty icons always all white
Back to my Beyonces
You deserve 3 stacks for the Andre
Call Larry Gagosian, you belong in museums
You belong in Vintage clothes watching the whole building
You belong with niggas who used to be known for dope dealing
You too dope for any of those civilians
Now shoot trigga, stop looking at her tits
Get ya own dog, ya heard
Thats my bitch

[Chorus:]
I've been waiting for a long long time
Just to get off and throw my hands up high
And live my life
And live my life
Just to get off and throw my hands up high

Silly little vixen, mixes 'til morning
Not swerving, oh, yeah
Swear you never strolled on a bottle of that potion
Stop motion, ooh, yeah

[Kanye West:]
You have no idea what you're dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Pop some nines, so I give you the Fifth
Something, something, yeah

That's my bitch, That's my bitch
Sh-shorty right there? That's my bitch
That's my bitch



[Swizz:]
Welcome to the jungle
Welcome to the jungle well
[x2]

[Kanye West:]
I asked her where she wanna be when she 25.
She turned around and looked at me and she said "alive"

[Swizz:]
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well

[Jay-Z:]
Black Axl Rose, move halfs and wholes
Come down to the jungle, just ask for Hov
Move blocks and squares, move apples and pears
Work pots and pans, just to cop me some Airs
My uncle died, my daddy did too
Paralyzed by the pain, I can barely move
My nephew gone, my heart is torn
Sometimes I look to the sky, ask why I was born
My faith in God, every day is hard
Every night is worse, that's why I pray so hard

[Kanye West:]
Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all
So que sera, get a case of Ciroc
Let it chase the pain, before it goes too far

[Jay-Z:]
My dreams is big, reality set in
Let off a clip from a automatic weapon,
Through shots in the door, it died in Vegas
Though it fought so hard, I knew it wouldn't make it
I'm a tortured soul, I live in disguise
Rest in peace to the leader of the Jackson 5
I died in my sleep, I'm still Big Pimpin
I ball at the mall, beginning of the ending
Where the fuck is the sun?
It's been a while, momma, look at ya son
What happened to my smile?
My tears is tatted, my rag in my pocket
I'm just looking for love, I know somebody got it
Champagne for the pain, weed for the low
God damn I'm so high, where the fuck did I go?
I'm losing myself, I'm stuck in the moment
I look in the mirror, my only opponent
Where the fuck is the press? Where the fuck is the Press?
Either they know or don't care I'm fucking depressed
No crying in public, just lying to judges
Risking my life, I'm already dying, so fuck it well

[Swizz:]
Welcome to the jungle, welcome to the jungle well
Goddammit!



[Kanye West:]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Til I die I’ma fuckin’ ball
Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?

[Jay-Z:]
Black cards, black cars,
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that’s for?

[Kanye West:]
Who gon’ stop me huh?

[Jay-Z & Kanye West:]
Who gon’ stop me, huh?

[Jay-Z:]
Yeah, who gon’ stop me?
No brakes, I need, State Farm
So many watches I need 8 arms
One neck but got 8 charms

[Jay-Z & Kanye West:]
Who gon’ stop me, huh?

[Kanye West:]
Niggas talkin’, they bitch made, Ix-nay off my dicks-nay
That’s pig Latin, itch-bay
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Last night ain’t go so well
Got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert
Yes! Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator, if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that’s cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that’s on one basis
I only like green faces

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Til I die I’ma fuckin’ ball

Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?

[Jay-Z:]
Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that’s for

[Kanye West:]
Y’all weed purple, my money purple
Y’all Steve Urkel, I’m Oprah circle
I wrote the verse, that I hope will hurt you

[Jay-Z:]
Who gone stop me huh?
Beat the odds, best the Feds
It wouldn’t be wise, to bet against the kid
Start me broke, I bet I get rich
Night shift, 6 to 6
Gimmie one shot, one pot
I’ll show up in all white, wearing no socks
No ceiling, new coupe
They know I’m a dope boy
They don’t have no proof
I’m 3 steps removed, I know how to move
It’s looking like, I don’t know how to lose
I’m winning again, I’m at the Wynn
I’m at the table, I’m gambling,
Lucky lefty, I expect a 7,
I went through hell, I’m expecting heaven, I’m owed,
I’m throwed and I stuck to the G-code,
I’m here, oh yeah, I promise I ain’t going nowhere,
OK here, like a hare, like a rabbit, I like karats
I’m allergic to having bunny ears,
Like broke, like nope, like ha,
I ain’t no joke, I can’t be stopped
Like nope, like nope
To the beat Noah…

2 seats in the 911, no limit on the black card
Told y’all I was gonna go HAM, told the ocean was my backyard
No lies in my verses, please pardon all the curses
Shit gotta come some way, fuck, when you growing up worthless
Middle finger to my old life, special shout out to my old head
If it wasn’t for your advice, a nigga would have been so dead
I’m living life, til these niggas kill me
Turn this up, if these niggas feel me
I’m riding dirty, trying to get filthy
Pablo Picasso, Rothkos, Rilkes
Graduated to the MOMA
And I did all of this, without a diploma
Graduated from the corner
Y’all can play me for a motherfuckin’ fool if you wanna,
Street smart, and I’m book smart
Could have been a chemist, cause I cook smart
Only thing to stop me is me,
And I’ma stop when the hook start
Hold up

[Kanye West:]
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the lord
Til I die, I’ma fuckin’ ball

Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?

[Jay-Z:]
Black cards, black cars
Black on black, black broads
Whole lotta money in a black bag
Black strap, you know what that’s for



[Jay-Z:]
Bloody murder, murder murder [x4]

[Kanye West:]
The paper read murder, black on black murder
The paper read murder, black on black murder

[Jay-Z:]
This is to the memory of Danroy Henry
Too much enemy fire to catch a friendly
Strays from the same shade, nigga we on the same team
Giving you respect, I expect the same thing
All black everything, nigga you know my fresh code
I’m out here fightin’ for you, don’t increase my stress load
Niggas watchin’ the throne, very happy to be
Power to the people, when you see me, see you

[Kanye West:]
And I’m from the murder capital, where they murder for capital
Heard about at least 3 killings this afternoon
Lookin’ at the news like damn I was just with him after school,
No shop class but half the school got a tool,
And I could die any day type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot reppin’ his avenue
It’s time for us to stop and re-define black power
41 souls murdered in 50 hours

The paper read murder, black on black murder,
The paper read murder, black on black murder again
Murder again…

Is it genocide?
Cause I can still hear his momma cry, know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face, bout piranha-size
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain’t got enough room for all the tombs
It’s a war going on outside, we ain’t safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq
509 died in Chicago

[Jay-Z:]
I arrived on the day Fred Hampton died
Real niggas just multiply
And they say by 21 I was supposed to die
So I’m out here celebratin’ my post demise
If you put crabs in a barrel to insure your survival
You gon’ end up pulling down niggas that look just like you
What up blood? What up cos?
It’s all black, I love us

[Kanye West:]
The paper read murder, black on black murder,
The paper read murder, black on black murder again
Black on black murder again
Black on black murder again

[Jay-Z:]
It’s a celebration of black excellence
Black tie, black Maybachs
Black excellence, opulence, decadence
Tuxes next to the president, I’m present
I dress in Dries and other boutique stores in Paris
In sheepskin coats, I silence the lamb
Do you know who I am Clarice?
No cheap cologne whenever I “shh-shh”
Success never smelled so sweet, I stink of success
The new black elite, they say my black card bear the mark of the beast
I repeat, my religion is the beat
My verse is like church, my Jesus piece, now please, domino, domino
Only spot a few blacks the higher I go
What’s up to Will, shoutout to O
That ain’t enough, we gon’ need a million more
Kick in the door, Biggie flow
I’m all dressed up with nowhere to go

[Kanye West:]
Yea it’s all messed up when it’s nowhere to go
So we won’t take the time out til we reach the T O P
From paroles to hold G’s, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG’s
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What’s the last thing you expect to see, black guys
What’s the life expectancy for black guys?
The system’s working effectively, that’s why
I’ll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
Cause ain’t nothin’ on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain’t nothin’ new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let’s savor this moment, and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours



(Bring you out the... out the darkness)

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
Sweet King Martin
Sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary
Sweet Father Joseph,

Sweet Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh sweet baby Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus,
We made it in America

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I told my mama I was on the come up
She said "you going to school I'll give you a summer"
Then she met NO ID and gave me his number
10 years later she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around, gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply
Downtown mixing fabrics trying to find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic
A million hits and the web crashes – damn!
South Park had 'em all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin'
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show, motherfucker, we live it

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
Sweet King Martin
Sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary
Sweet Father Joseph,

Sweet Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh sweet baby Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus,
We made it in America

[Verse 2: Jay-Z]
I pledge allegiance, uh, to my Grandma
For that banana pudding, our piece of Americana
Our apple pie was supplied through Arm & Hammer
Straight out the kitchen, shh don't wake Nana!
Built a republic, that still stands
I'm trying to lead a nation, to leave to my little man's
Or my daughter, so I'm boiling this water
The scales was lopsided, I'm just restoring order
Hold up, here comes grandma, what's up YaYa?
What's that smell? Oh I'm just boiling some agua
No papa, bad Santa
The streets raised me, pardon my bad manners
I got my liberty, chopping grams up
Street justice, I pray God understand us
I pledge allegiance to all the scramblers
This is the Star Spangled Banner

[Hook: Frank Ocean]
Sweet King Martin
Sweet Queen Coretta
Sweet Brother Malcolm
Sweet Queen Betty
Sweet Mother Mary
Sweet Father Joseph,

Sweet Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh sweet baby Jesus
We made it in America
Sweet baby Jesus, ooh
Oh, sweet baby Jesus,
We made it in America



[Chorus – Mr Hudson:]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you
I’ll never know
[x4]

[Jay-Z:]
Picture if you will, that the throne was burning
Rome was burning, and I’m sitting in the corner all alone burning
Why does it always end up like this?
Something that we don’t determine
Same people that I fought for
That I fight for, that I ride for
That I live for, that I die for
Be the reason that these niggas is alive for
And they want me dead
But I’m so sorry but I just can’t die for you
But I can make em put their hands in the sky for you
We waiting for the fireworks like July 4th
Get fly more, get high more, cry boy, why for?
When the grief is over, beef is over, I’ll be fly when Easter’s over
I tried to teach niggas how to be kings
And all they ever wanted to be was soldiers
So the love is gone, til blood is drawn
So we no longer wear the same uniform
Fuck you squares, the circle got smaller
The castle got bigger, the walls got taller
And truth be told after all that said
Niggas still got love for you

[Chorus – Mr Hudson:]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you
I’ll never know
[x4]

[Jay-Z (Kanye West):]
Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces, before you swept on it
God damn this shit leaves a mess don’t it
Shit feelin’ like death don’t it
Charge it to the game, whatever’s left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly pelican fly, turn the jets on it
But first I shall digress on it
Wasn’t I a good king?
(Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?)
Didn’t I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
(Huh, I gave you my loyalty)
Made you royalty and royalties
(Took care of these niggas lawyer fees)
And this is how niggas rewardin’ me
(Damn)

[Chorus – Mr Hudson:]
Ooh, I love you so
But why I love you
I’ll never know
[x2]

[Jay-Z (Kanye West):]
Bussin’ at me, b-b-b-bussin’ at me
But I’m bullet proof, bitch you can’t get nothin’ past me
Got body armor (A nigga gotta watch the throne)
And I’m bussin’ back, so niggas in a glass house should not throw stones
What do you do when the love turns to hate?
(Gotta separate from these fuckin’ fakes)
Caesar didn’t see it so he ceased to exist
So the nigga that killed him had keys to his shit
Am I my brother’s keeper?
(Only if that nigga don’t creep up)
Got a pistol under my pillow
(I’ve never been a deep sleeper)
P-p-p-paranoia
(Cause the nigga that said he’ll…)
Blast for ya (Is now…)
Blastin’ for ya, that’s an assassin for ya
(These niggas got a shot they’ll shoot)
Please Lord (Forgive him)
For these niggas (Not know) What they, (Do) (Ooh)



[Kanye West:]
1985 white Lamborghini Countach, 2 of em

I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I’m moving in slow motion, slow motion
Feelin’ like Hype Williams shooting a nigga
Shooting a nigga, hey hey hey
I need a slow motion video right now ay ay

Damn baby, pussy can’t be your only hustle
Unless you bad as Naomi Russell
I mean a lot of niggas got money
So basically, Russell ain’t the only Russell
Russell Brand, Russell Crowe
Zero Zero Zero Zero, a whole lot of 0’s
What you after, actor money?
You in line behind currency, yeah you after money
Bullet proof condom when I’m in these hoes
Got staples on my dick (why) fuckin’ centerfolds
And I swear to God they so cold
Got a nigga in Miami wearing winter clothes
I got my fur on feelin’ like Jerome
She got her fur too, we get our his and her on
Don’t look at the jewelry, or get your blurr on
Too close, you comatose so dope you overdose
Get back, you overclose
Oh no, the hood was strugglin’
But then I blessed them with that Polo
Niggas was making music and then my first solo…
Collo Drolo sponsored by Manolo
She got Zeppi Notos ready for some photos
Yeah and I’m cold bitch, please try to keep the door closed
Lanvin thousand dollar tee with no logos
Let me show you what I see when my eyes closed

[Jay-Z (Kanye West):]
Take it how you want til a nigga dead
(Til then I’m the illest motherfucker alive)
Whole world aiming at a nigga head
(Because I’m the illest motherfucker alive)

[Jay-Z:]
Holla, King Hov, I’m exactly what the fuck you think
11 in a row, Bill Russell rings, Michael Jordan swag
Y'all think Michael Jordan bad
Nigga I got a 5 more rings than Michael Jordan had
Elvis has left the building now I’m on the Beatles ass
Niggas hear Watch The Throne, yeah it’s like the Beatles back
Bey Bey my Yoko Ono, Rih Rih complete the family
Imagine how that’s gon' look front row at the Grammy's
Fuck your awards like Eddie Murphy’s couch
The Roc is in the building we should have stayed in the house
I don’t even know what we doing here
Seems to me a complete waste of gear
Just a fuckin waste of time, a complete waste of bottles
Niggas fashion is weak, they be wastin’ all the models
Got the over-sized Rolley let me show the how to do it
When I say it then you see, it ain’t only in the music
Basquiats, Warhols serving as my muses
My house like a museum, so I see em when I’m peeing
Usually you have this much taste you European
That’s the end of that way of thinking, nigga never again
Know when to leave when the heat is coming, I learned that
This is where DiNero would be if he ain’t turn back
Fuck Sosa, this Hova this is real life
This is what the ending of Scarface should feel like

[Kanye West:]
I need a slow motion video right now
Cause I’m moving in slow motion slow motion
Feelin’ like Hype Williams shooting a nigga
Shooting a nigga hey hey hey
I need a slow motion video right now ay ay

Slow motion slow motion...



[Kanye West:]
It was all good just a week ago
niggas feel theyselves and then Watch The Throne drop
niggas kill themselves
What niggas gon do Hov?
This a new crack on a new stove
I'm in the two-door, true that
niggas tellin' me "You back"
Like a nigga ever left up out this bitch, huh?
and if life a bitch suck my dick huh?
and I bet she fucked the whole clique, huh
By the way nigga, you should fuckin' quit, nigga
Just forget it, you talk it, I live it
Like Eli I did it, jokes on you muthafucker and I get it
No paper hoe, but you can have some more of me
Or-gy, or are we speakin methaphorically
Historically, I'm kickin' bitches out like Pam, nigga
Goin' HAM nigga, me and Jigga
and a nigga still young, wanna have no kids
But I've been practicing with some actresses as bad as shit
And a few white girls, asses flat a shit
But the head so good, damn a nigga glad he hit
Got em jumpin' out the building
Watch out below, a million out the door

I'm about to go HAM
Hard As a Muthafucker,
Let these niggas know who I am
I'm about to go HAM
Hard As a Muthafucker,
Let these niggas know who I am

[Jay-Z:]
fuck y'all mad at me for?
You don't even know what I've been through
I play chicken with a Mack truck
Y'all muthafuckers woulda been moved
I swam waters with great whites
Y'all muthafuckers woulda been chewed
I hustle with vultures late nights
Y'all muthafuckers woulda been food
fuck wrong with these dudes
Try to walk around in these shoes
See the shit I saw growing up
And maybe you can take a peek at these boo's
niggas fantasize about the shit that I do daily like
These rappers rap about all the shit that I do really
I'm like really half a billi nigga
Really you got baby money
Keep it real with niggas
niggas ain't got my lady money
Watch the Throne don't step on our road
Bad enough we let you step on our globe
When my nephew died, daddy dead
niggas took the price on my uncles head
Nobody called the cops as my uncle bled
So I feel like I would like to know my uncles bread
Bow down, brother pay homage
don't spill hate all on my garments
Commes Des Garcon, fuck your fresh
head shots nigga fuck your vests
fuck the pig, no pork on my fork
Peace God cause you know a nigga just went Ham

Hard As a Muthafucker,
Let these niggas know who I am
Yeah I'm 'bout to go HAM
Hard As a Muthafucker,
Let these niggas know who I am
Yeah I'm 'bout to go HAM



[Jay-Z:]
We in the time of our lives baby
Turn the music up, primetime

Yeah, primetime, beat by Dion, our third eon
That’s what the fuck we on
Mo’ money, 40 year old phenom
My 15 minutes of fame has stretched beyond
At 42 be better than 24, I carried the 4-5, mastered 48 laws
Still wearing my 23’s they can’t fuck with the boy
As far as them 16’s, I’m 23 of it all
Primetime, riding that 6 deuce
That 9-11 I only subtract the roof
Started in 88’, got warm in 92’, I landed in 96’
That’s the year I came through
I hit the club, ordered some Grey Goose
Switched it for Ciroc to give Puff’s stock a boost
New money, I found the fountain of youth
I’m headed to Miami to fuck up the Fontaine Bleu
A case of Ace, make it 2, nigga we rolling, beat the deuce
The night is young, what the fuck we gon’ do (ooh)

[Kanye West:]
The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh
The night is young, what the fuck we gon’ do, huh
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh

Primetime, basking in the lime
Cassius in his prime, coloring out of the line
Cause they don’t want nobody that’s colored out of the lines
So I’m late as a motherfucker, colored people time
Damn Yeezy, they all gotta be dimes?
Well, Adam gave up a rib so mine better be prime
Niggas gon’ kill me, I swear they better be lying
I never live in fear, I’m too out of my mind
Primetime, never hit these heights
I mean it’s like, it’s like our first 1st class flight
I’m trippin’ on it, socks on marble floors
I’m slippin’ on it, champagne, I’m sippin’ on it
Shit taste different, don’t it?
You know what, you right
It’s like the best damn champagne I had in my life
“When you coming home” That’s a text from my wife
I told her, run a bubble bath
And float in that motherfucker like a hovercraft
And soak in that motherfucker til I call you back
I mean who says shit like that, and doesn’t laugh (un-huh)

The night is young, what the fuck you wanna do, huh
The night is young, what the fuck we gon’ do, huh
The night is young, what you really wanna do, huh



[Hook - Curtis Mayfield:]
Add a little sugar, honeysuckle lamb
A great big expression of happiness
Boy, you couldn't miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are all the makings of you

[Verse 1 - Kanye West:]
I do it for the forefathers and the street authors
That are now A&Rs in the cheap office
Rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
Girls that's way too fine for us to keep off of
Gave her a handshake only for my man’s sake
She in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
Now there’s crumbs all over the damn place
And she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood planned parenthood
Cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood
Taking refills of that Plan B pill
Another shorty that won’t make it to the family will
If I don’t make it, can’t take it, hope the family will
They ain't crazy, they don’t know how insanity feel
Don C just had a shorty, so it’s not that bad
But I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

[Hook]

[Verse 2 - Kanye West:]
No electro, no metro, a little retro, ahh, perfecto
You know the demo, your boy act wild
You ain't get the memo? Yeezy’s back in style
Now one room got Gidget, the other got Bridget
What’s more tripped out, dawg, is they sisters
Nah, you ain't listen, they black, they "sisters"
They momma named them after white bitches
So next time you see me on your fallopian
Though the jewelry’s Egyptian, know the hunger’s Ethiopian
Stupid questions like “Is he gon' be dope again?
Have you seen him? has anybody spoke to him?”
This beat deserves Hennessy, a bad bitch
And a bag of weed; the Holy Trinity
In the mirror where I see my only enemy
Your life’s cursed, well mine’s an obscenity

[Hook]

[Verse 3 - Jay-Z:]
This is my momma shit; I used to hear this
Through the walls in the hood when I was back in my pajama shit
Afros and marijuana sticks, seeds and the ganja had it
Popping like the sample that I’m rhyming with
Pete Rock, let the needle drop
I seen so much as a kid they surprised I don’t needle pop
Taking sips of pop, six pack of Miller nips
Pink Champale, Ballantine Ale
Bally’s on my feet help me balance out well
That and the shit I used to balance on the scale
I got it honest from the parties from my momma’s
Virgin Marys try to judge her
I’m like “Where the Madonnas now?”
Give all glory to Gloria
They said “you raised that boy too fast, but you was raising a warrior”
We victorious, they’ll never take the joy from us, uh

[Outro - Kid Cudi (w/ Pete Rock):]
Keep your hands up, get mine up
Don’t let them take your fire
Yeah, okay
(It’s Pete Rock, Kanye, one, two, okay)



[Intro: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, I made up in my mind
I'm doin' things my way, I'm burnin' shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me say it one more time

[Hook: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
Middle fingers up!

[Verse 1: R. Kelly]
(Motherfucker)
Deuces minus one
Middle finger to the sky tonight (Ay, ay, ay)
The whole world is a couch
Bitch I'm Rick James tonight (I don't give a fuck)
Throw it up, throw it up
Cause you can't take it with you
Funny how they wait 'til you gone just to miss you
To the world, to the world
Then I'm on my Sinatra, I'm doing it my way,
Let's take it a notch up, take it up
Let me see you put your middle fingers up!
To the world, I made up in my mind
Doing things my way, I'm burning shit down tonight
I'm doing things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me see you one more time

[Hook: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
Middle fingers up!

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
Mmm ain't this some shit? Pulled up in the A-V-entador
And the doors, raise up, like praise the Lord
Did the fashion show, and a tour, and a movie, and a score
This a ghetto opera, Francis Ford Car Coppola
I need a new crib to hold my plaques, Rick Ross had told me that
Said I'd be all up in Goldman Sachs
Like, "These niggas tryna hold me back
These niggas tryna hold me back", I'm just trying to protect my stacks
Mitt Romney don't pay no tax, Mitt Romney don't pay no tax
Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back, Chi-Town 'til I'm on my back
Only nigga in Beverly Hills, where the hell is Axle Foley at?
"Ease up there baby boy", Ving Rhames told Jody that
R. Kelly and the God of rap
shitting on you, holy crap

[Hook: R. Kelly]
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
Middle fingers up!

[Outro: Teyana Taylor]
I could give it all up, but it's not enough
Ay ay, here you go, my middle finger
To the world, to the world, from the ground to the moon
Here's to the mountains, yeah here's to the room
Give it up, give it up, won't let you deny me
Makin' you love me, makin' you love me



[Intro]
What of the dollar you murdered for
Is that the one fighting for your soul
Or your brother’s the one that you’re running from
But if you got money, fuck it, 'cause I want some

B.I.G.
Fucking with me
Oh god
Whoa
OK

[Hook — Big Sean:]
Ain’t nobody fuckin’ with my
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
Ain’t nobody fresher than my motherfucking
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
As I look around, they don’t do it like my
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the
They want the, they want the

[Verse 1 — Big Sean:]
I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say
My block behind me like I’m coming out the driveway
It’s grind-day, from Friday, to next Friday
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day
She tryna get me that poo tang
I might let my crew bang
My crew deeper than Wu Tang
I’m rolling with (Huh) fuck I’m saying?
Girl, you know my crew name
You know 2 Chainz? Scrrr!
I’m pullin’ up in that Bruce Wanye
But I’m the fuckin’ villain, man, they kneeling when I walking in the building
Freaky women I be feelin’ from the bank accounts I’m fillin’
What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be
Young player from the D that’s killin’ everything that he see

[Hook]

[Jay-Z:]
Yeah am talking Ye’, yeah am talking Rih’, yeah I’m talking B, nigga I’m talking me
Yeah I’m talking bossy, I ain’t talking Kelis
Your money too short, you can’t be talking to me
Yeah I’m talking LeBron, we balling our family tree
G.O.O.D. Music drug dealing drug cousin, ain’t nothing fuckin’ with we, me
Turn that 62 to 125, 125 to a 250, 250 to a half a milli, ain’t nothin’ nobody can do with me
Now who with me? ¡Vámonos! Call me Hov or jefe
Translation, I’m the shit. Least that what my neck say, least that what my check say
Lost my homie for a decade, nigga down for like 12 years, ain’t hug his son since the second grade
He never told, who we gonna tell, we top of the totem pole
It’s the dream team meets the supreme team, and all our eyes green and only means one thing
You ain’t fuckin’ with my clique

[Hook]

[Kanye West:]
Break records at Louis
Ate breakfast at Gucci
My girl a superstar all from a home movie
Bow on our arrival the un-American idols
What niggas did in Paris got em hanging off the Eiffel
Yeah I’m talking business
We talking CIA
I’m talking George Tenet
I seen him the other day
He asked me about my Maybach
Think he had the same
Except mine tinted and his might have been rented
You know white people get money don’t spend it
Or maybe they get money, buy a business
I rather buy 80 gold chains and go ig’nant
I know Spike Lee gon' kill me but let me finish
Blame it on the pigment, we living no limits
Them gold master p ceilings was just a figment
Of our imagination, MTV cribs
Now I’m looking at a crib right next to where TC lives
That’s Tom Cruise, whatever she accuse
He wasn’t really drunk he just had a few brews
Pass the refreshment a cool cool beverage
Everything I do need a news crew presence
Speed Boat swerve homie, watch out for the waves
I’m way too black to burn from sun rays
So I just meditated the home in Pompeii
About how I could build a new Rome in one day
Every time I’m in Vegas they screaming like he’s Elvis
But I just wanna design hotels and nail it
Shit is real got me feelin’ Isrealian
Like Bar Refaeli Gisele, no that's Brazilian
Went through deep depression when my mamma passed
Suicide what kind of talk is that
But I’ve been talking to God for so long
That if have you look in my life I guess he talking back
Fuckin’ with my clique

[Hook]



Well, it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
It is - when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound
Believe! Believe!

[4x]
OK, Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two-seat Lambo (boy)
With your girl she tryna jerk me

[Big Sean:]
OK, drop it to the floor
Make that ass shake
Whoa make the ground move, that's an ass quake
Built a house up on that ass, that's an ass state
Roll my weed on it, that's an ass tray
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
And niggas still hatin', so much hate I need an AK
Now we out in Paris, yeah I'm Perrierin'
White girls politicking that's that Sarah Palin
Gettin' high, Californicatin'
I give her that D, cause that's where I was born and raised in

[2x]
Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick she so thirsty (swerve)
I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl she tryna jerk me (swerve)

It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is - when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe! Believe! (swerve)

[Pusha T:]
Yeah, it's prime time, my top back, this pimp game hoe
I'm red leather, this cocaine, I'm Rick James hoe
I'm bill droppin', Ms. Pacman is pill poppin' ass hoe
I'm poppin' too, these blue dolphins need two coffins
All she want is some heel money
All she need is some bill money
He take his time, he counts it out
I weighs it up, that's real money
Check the neck, check the wrist
Them heads turnin', that's exorcist
My Audemars like Mardi Gras
That's Swiss time and that's excellence
Two door preference
Roof gone George Jefferson
That white frost on that pound cake
So your Duncan Hines is irrelevant
Lambo, Murcielago, she go wherever I go
Wherever we go we do it pronto

[2x]
Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick she so thirsty (swerve)
I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl she tryna jerk me (swerve)

It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is - when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe! Believe! (swerve)

Well it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth
In the dance hall, and who no have teeth will run upon them gums
Caw when time it comes to my sound, which is the champion sound
The bugle has blown the many times, and it still have one more time left
Caw the amount of stripe we have upon our shoulder

[Kanye West:]
Let the suicide doors up
I threw suicides on the tour bus
I threw suicides on the private jet
You know what that mean, I'm fly to death
I step in Def Jam building like I'm the shit
Tell 'em "Give me fifty million or I'mma quit"
Most rappers taste level ain't at my waist level
Turn up the bass 'til it's up in your face level
Don't do no press but I get the most press, kid
Plus you're my bitch, make your bitch look like Precious
Something 'bout Mary she gone off that Molly
Now the whole party is melted like Dalí
Now everybody is movin' they body
Don't sell me apartment, I move in the lobby
Niggas is loiterin' just to feel important
You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans

[2 Chainz:]
(2 Chainz)
Now catch up to my campaign
Coupe the color of mayonnaise
I'm drunk and high at the same time
Drinkin' champagne on the airplane
Spit rounds like the gun range
Beat it up like Rampage
100 bands, cut your girl, now your girl need a band aid
Grade A, A1,
Chain the color of Akon
Black diamonds backpack rhyming
Co-signed by Louis Vuitton
Horse power, horse power
All this Polo on I got horse power
Pound of this cost 4 thousand
I make it rain, she want more showers
Rain pourin',
All my cars is foreign
All my broads is foreign,
Money tall like Jordan

[2x]
Lamborghini Mercy (swerve)
Your chick she so thirsty (swerve)
I'm in that two-seat Lambo (swerve)
With your girl she tryna jerk me (swerve)

It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
It is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth (swerve)
When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound (swerve)
Believe! Believe! (swerve)



[Chorus]
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Pusha T 1:]
I believe there's a God above me
I'm just the God of everything else
I put hoes in everything else
New God Flow, fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in BOLD LETTERS
They love a nigga spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the yay as a wholeseller
I think it's good that Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came up more, for more than just to rhyme with him
Think '99, when Puff would've had Shyne with him
(matching Daytona's Rose Gold on us)
Going Ham in Ibiza done took a toll on us
Well since you over do it, imma pour more
Well if you going coupe, I'm going four door(wooo)

[Chorus]
Shake that body, party that body(that's rare nigga)
Shake that body, party that body(Ric Flair nigga)
Shake that body, party that body(yeah nigga)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D(yeah)

Shake that body, party that body(woaa)
Shake that body, party that body(woaa)
Shake that body, party that body(it's a New God Flow)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

[Pusha T 2:]
Step on they necks till they can't breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by three's
Lined them all up and let's just see
Fuck 'em Ye, fuck 'em Ye
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier'
They shit is shopping at Target'
My shit is luxury Balmain
I'm Balling, I'm all red
A nick sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown nigga
What's a circus without you clown niggas
What's a brick from an outta town nigga
When you flood and you can drown niggas
It's the GOOD Music golden child
M-A dollar sign can't nobody hold me down

[Chorus]
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

Hold up, I ain't trying to stunt, man
But these new Yeezys jumped over the jump man
Went from most hated to the champion god flow
I guess that's a feeling only me and Lebron know
I'm living three dreams:
Biggie Smalls', Dr. King's, Rodney King's
Cause we can't get along, no resolution
Till we drown all these haters, rest in peace to Whitney Houston
Cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aww man, you sold your soul
Naww man, mad people was frontin'
Aww man, made something from nothing
Picture working so hard, and you can't cut through
That can mess up your whole life, like an uncle that touched you
What has the world come to, I'm from the 312
Where cops don't come through and dreams don't come true
Like "Where did God go?" In his Murcielago
From working McDonald's, barely paying the car note
He even got enough to get his mama a condo
Then they ran up and shot him right in front of his mom
40 killings in a weekend, 40 killings in a week
Man the summer too hot, you can feel it in the street
Welcome to Sunday service if you hope to someday serve us
We got green in our eyes, follow my Erick Sermon
Did Moses not part the water with the cane?
Did strippers not make an ark when I made it rain?
Did Yeezy not get signed by Hov and Dame?
And went to Jacob and made the new Jesus chains?
In Jesus name, let the choir say
"I'm on fire ay," that's what Richard Pryor say
And we annihilate anybody that violate
Ask any dope boy you know, they admire Ye

[Chorus]
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G-O-D

GOOD Music, GOOD Music, GOOD Music, GOOD Music
And all my niggas say, GOOD Music
And all my ladies say, GOOD Music
I don't know what I've been told
(I don't know what I've been told)
If you get fresh, you get all the hoes
(If you get fresh, you get all the hoes)
I'm way fresher than all my foes
(I'm way fresher than all my foes)
Somebody please pick out they clothes
(Somebody please pick out they clothes)
And all my niggas say, GOOD Music
And all my ladies say, GOOD Music
Who running shit today, GOOD Music
Who running shit today, GOOD Music



[Intro]
Stutterin’
Givin’em rest and makin’ love again
In my best I be the run again
And I have the man dem stutterin’

[Hook]
I’m getting this nigga in the morning
He gon’ think he been chiefin just too long when
He see me in the evenin’
Want to catch all these feelin
Well let me be the first to get mine

[Verse 1: Raekwon]
Ay yo, ay yo, barbeque and blow in the back of the crib
Sittin’and countin’, smoking a spliff, this shit’s a gift
All my niggas watches is rough
Grabbing our crotches yelling ‘’What up?’’
The jeans cost $500? Fuck
Stop it, keep baking, see, the smell it’s a statement
One freeze of this shit, you won’t feel your legs kid
I’m a gangsta corporate hustla, my voice is illustrious
Hounded by vicious dons, nigga we armed, trust me bruh
They yellin’ Chef, kill the plate with the cooks
I say ‘Ye with 2 Chainz on, we Common, let’s Push
Burn another bush, then burn another we brothers
Love us or not, the Mark Zuckerbergs of the block
Hug a knot, staying rich, we was built for the guap
Park the green six deuce on the deuce just props
Rock a kilt, mean Glock I’m all machinery, ock
Cling to me, now see how the scenery rock yo?

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Common]
I was born by a late chicken shack and a church
That mean the flow got wings and it come from the dirt
Golly, I know she wanna test the ‘Rari
Eye on a dollar like Illuminati
Life is foggy, tryin’ to see through the mist of it
Could have been livin’ it, you was Mrs. Mischievous
This is just a letter to better your development
Situation delicate

[Verse 3: Pusha T]
Some claim God body, blame Illuminati
All cause his pockets now knotty as his hair
Yeah
All Sonny no Cher, only solitaires
You clusterfucks could cluster up
On tippy-toe and still not muster up so its
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
In God we trust, the game is all us
Til’ the sky calls or its flames on us
Push

[Hook]

[Verse 4: 2 Chainz]
2 Chainz
I’m chillin’ in my camo, flippin’ through the channel
On my G.O.O.D. Music shit, my logo’s a Lambo (damn)
Four doors of ammo
Ammunition I’m pitchin’ to make your body switch another position

[Verse 5: CyHi da Prynce]
I hope the people is listening
I could never sell my soul, I gave it back to God at my christening
Its tickelin’ when I hear what haters be whisperin’
What makes you think an Illuminati would ever let some niggas in?
Fake friends and siblings, like to wish you well but ain’t never flip the nickel in
Haters wanna pull they pistol when they see me in this race car
But you can’t spell war without an A-R
15 I was pushing carts at K-Mart
By 21 they said I’d be inside a graveyard
Can’t wait to get that black American Express
So I can show them white folks how to really pull the race card

[Break: D’banj (Kanye West, Kid Cudi)]
Yeah, you feelin’ on top now, getting that money nigga?
(You sold your soul)
Yeah, you feelin’ on top now, getting that money nigga?
(You sold your soul)
Yeah, you feelin’ on top now, getting that money nigga?
(Naw man, mad people was frontin’
Aw man, made something from nothing)

[Outro: Kanye West]
I treat the label like money from my shows
G.O.O.D. would’ve been God except I added more o’s
If I knew she was cheatin’ I’d still’ve bought her more clothes
‘Cause I was too busy with my Baltimore- you know
Some people call that the art of war you know
I guess it depends what you fallin’ for
The clothes, cars, money, girls and the clothes
Aw money, you sold your soul
Nah man, mad people was frontin’
God damn, we made something from nothing



[Intro: DJ Khaled]
Kanye West!
(Swag King Cole)
DJ Khaled!

[Hook]
Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 1]
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
Don't talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I'll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that's cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain't had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news
Don't talk about style cause I'll embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me 'fore I embarrass you
GOOD Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, let me ask this quest'

[Hook]

[Bridge]
Don't talk to me 'bout style, nigga, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Talking 'bout clothes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Hollering 'bout some hoes, I'll mothafuckin' embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you'll need some Theraflu

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the Theraflu



[Intro: The Dream]
Look at your money
Ooh momma, this could be you
On the right side of this drop
Ooh momma, throw it in reverse
I call that back it up and drop a
Baby, baby baby, baby baby
Baby, baby baby, baby baby
Baby, baby baby, baby baby
Baby, baby baby, baby baby
Oh, girl I think that she like
I got that shit that make niggas wanna fight
I got that shit that make bitches act right
Make bitches act out of spite, aiight
Oh momma, I got that bomb
I got that shit make your ass go run
My shit, not make niggas get guns
But the white girls say, "Where you get that cool beat from?"

[Hook: The Dream]
She love it (She love it)
Every beat of the drum, she sprung
She say I make her wanna touch it
She love it (She love it)
She make me wanna touch it
I love it (I love it)
We buzzin', yeah
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker, yeah

[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Yeah, I've been known to chase 'em
Known to replace 'em
Shoe game outta this world, I outer space 'em
Known to have a hundred and one, like Dalmatians
Maybe if she special enough, I'll glass case her
Get caught cheating and I gotta let you stick me up
Let you shop 'til you drop as a pick-me-up
Bergdorf bandit, Barnies for the burglary
But these bands lift the whole store like Hercules
Get raunchy in Givenchy, my palm reads
Passports Pinot Noir in arm's reach
Paddle shiftin', push-button, no car keys
The penthouses are poolside with palm trees

[Hook: The Dream]
She love it (She love it)
Every beat of the drum, she sprung
She say I make her wanna touch it
She love it (She love it)
She make me wanna touch it
I love it (I love it)
We buzzin', yeah
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker, yeah

[Verse 2: Mase]
Uh, one-two one-two guess who back again
Uh, Harlem in this-what? Yeezy let Manhattan in
Get my mic right, turn my levels up
Get the light right, turn my bezel up
You hear the bounce on it, go and throw your mouth on it
So many ghosts in my garage they think my house haunted
Long as my buckle say Hermes, the rumors I'm not concerned with
They wanna garnish my earnings before I send it I burn it
You know them people too convinced that my money's gettin' rinsed
Her Louis seven inch, they TMZ me through my tint
I bumped into Loon he like, "Well, as-salamu alaykum"
You know I ain't Muslim my nigga, I'm about my bacon
The shot niggas takin' you'd think I'm rollin' 'round with Reagan
A Mexican landscape and come rake in what I'm makin'
Think you blew me up with your bougie butt
But you ain't slow me up, I'm on the charts, you move me up
I'm like a drug overlord, my jewelry's overboard
It's hard to believe dollar sign e-even know the Lord
Already wrote it off, so just ignore the cost
So when I'm rollin' off I'm showin' off with no remorse
Sh'mon

[Hook: The Dream]
We buzzin', yeah
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker
Higher than a motherfucker, yeah

[Outro: Cocaine 80s]
bitch hold smoke longer
Choke hold so strong, broke your armor
Now you're wide open, right?
You ain't even smokin' right
bitch hold the smoke
Cough hope, Harpo
Gotcha knocked out, now you know you're smokin' loud
You're higher than a motherfucker
High in this bitch, high as a motherfucker
I'm high and this bitch fine as a motherfucker
I'm high as a motherfucker
I hear sirens, she dying in this motherfucker
Moment of silence for this motherfucker
I'm just higher than a motherfucker
I'm higher than a motherfucker
I'm higher than a mother-



[Travis Scott]
10 a.m. it's west side bitch
She see the glasses, so obvious
Run from home, after tonight we up out of here
Don't go home cause they just ran me up out of there
All of those drunken nights then fuckin' every night
She run her mouth, but can't eat right
Don't read between the line and forgot how to be white
She smelled the line, baby you know you don't need white
Now look what we did now, the cops behind us
Ran that red light, did you have to be mindless?
SMH, we all know that cocaine killed Abel
From the scholar letters devour this
She stepped into hell, cause winter got cold
Don't look in her eyes, you might see straight to her soul
Don't say yes to that good, cause you'll never know
Cause we lost in the city where sin is no biggy

[Chorus: Teyana Taylor]
I'm here with open arms and I gotta
Here is where her heart belongs
Her heart belongs to me
Here is where her heart
I'm here and I won't go
Without her, this is where her heart belongs
It should be here with me
Here is where her heart

[Break: Teyana Taylor & John Legend]
I beg for mercy today
They won't take me away
Take me away from you
Don't know what I would do
Don't let us die in vain
Don't let them see our pain
Wash these demons away
Wash these demons away

[Malik Yusef]
You are all unwelcome to Sin City
Yet the population still increases its density
And that increases its intensity
Which increases the propensity
To complicate your simplicity
No matter your ethnicity
All for the sake of publicity, in this city

[CyHi Da Prynce]
Huh, bad bitches with ass shots
Use a house as a stash spot
Lexus coupe with the rag-top
I'm in the loop, warm tie like a ascot
I used to run with the have-nots
Kept the ave hot just so we could have knots
A lot of niggaz see they dreams in a glass pot
Until the judge throw you in that box and watch your ass rot
We broke all the commandments
Authentic, I'm hand-stitched
Come spend a day in my Hamlet
My city lost, some say it's Atlantis
I went to Cannes with a tan bitch, Francis
She rode the broom on the beach, that's a sand witch
So I ate her like it, haters hate to like it
Sex, drugs, and playin' dices, those are our favorite vices
But this life'll take a toll on ya
Well I guess you gotta pay the prices
I know who Christ is
And he never hung with the Saints it makes no sense to save the righteous
By the age ten, we were caged in
Now they raise men in the state pen
Fake friends, forgive 'em for they sins
God bless the city, amen

[Chorus]

[Malik Yusef]
And now I'm one of the residents
They walk with none of the repercuss', but all of the decadence
And all the fuckin' debauchery
Adult film star, somebody's fuckin' watchin' me
I always feel like, I'm almost feel like
Cause I could feel it in the air tonight
I did some wrongs I wouldn't dare to right
And wrote some songs I wouldn't dare recite
But I am willing to share tonight
In the city that is as unfair as life



[Hook: Marsha Ambrosius]
The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'ma be here till it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

[Verse 1: Kanye West]
I'm the one, baby
Yeah, I'm the one, baby
Since God gave his only begotten son, baby
It's hard preachin' the gospel to the slums lately
So I had to put the church on the drums, baby
You on a run, baby
You on a run, baby
You think you free but you a slave to the funds, baby
You think you me, but you ain't me, what you done lately?
Mhm that's cool but I been runnin' on the sun, baby
We on a galaxy that haters cannot visit
That's my reality so get off my Scott Disick
If you ever held a title belt you would know how Michael felt
Tyson, Jackson, Jordan - Michael Phelps
Yeah, had to take it to another realm
Cause everything around me got me underwhelmed
Best way to describe my position is at the helm
Best way to describe my new whip - Yeeeaaaalmmp

[Hook: Marsha Ambrosius]
The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'ma be here till it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

[Verse 2: Big Sean]
I told Detroit I'ma fuckin' get it
I told my brother we'll be fuckin' winnin'
Ye told me I'm the man for the job
So I told my mom, call her's up and tell 'em that she quittin'
Started off in that Chevrolet, but it's Ferraris I gotta drive
I'm on HBO with my Entourage
I'm 5'9" fuck a 9 to 5
I need a hundred million no compromise
I'm a double XL nigga
Magazine and condom size
See what I seen and be traumatized
I don't wait, I marinate, variate erryday
Erry state, sold out, fuck around and need a barricade
My weed loud I need a hearing aid
Livin' life behind a pair of shades
I be a billionaire if I could get a dollar
For all the bullshit that I hear a day
I did it

[Hook: Marsha Ambrosius]
The storm is on the horizon
I'm standing here alone
Got a pistol on my hip
And it's gonna be some shit
If you want it then bring it on
See I'm a motherfuckin' soldier
And I'ma be here till it's done
And when they asking who I'm is, shit
You just tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one
(One, one, one)
Tell them that I'm the one

[Verse 3: 2 Chainz]
Treat the back seat like a sofa bed
Break bread with my niggas, call it profit share
This some good shit, but it get better
And yeah my bitch cold, nigga thin sweater
Like my verse suede and the beat leather
Just tryin' to stay above sea level
When my nigga went to jail, I said, "Free Gucci"
I done bought so much shit, I should get free Gucci
Bought my baby momma anaconda bags
I shouldn't have bought it all
I should've went and cut the grass
Snake ass niggas in my fuckin' face
Bring your girl here nigga so I could fuck her face
Yeah I run this place, this is cash mill swag
niggas treadmillin' goin' nowhere fast
Sittin' courtside at the Hawks game
Louie's on, I could trip a fuckin' ball player

[Outro: James Fauntleroy (x2)]
fuck yeah, awesome, yeah I lost some of my mind
And then I found weed was really kind of awesome
It's possible, goddamn right
I've been honest the whole time



Yeah, I see you waitin' over there
See you jockin' over there
See you lookin' at my girl over here
Why you worried 'bout this girl over here?
Keep your eyes over there, it is creepy when you stare
Turn my head and hey
I see you waitin' over there
I see you jockin' over there
Thinkin' bout your own life
Why you talkin' 'bout the young, you dig?
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right
And they think they know and they think they know
They deal it for real
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right
And they think they know, and they think they know
They deal it for real
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, yo

I don't love who I am so I'm workin' on a fix
I don't need a bitch trying to take my mind off my grip
If I had one wish it'd be to have more wishes, duh
Fuck tryna make it rhyme, throw them stones, with your bitch ass
Cutting me deep and even though I bleed I stand alone
Alone I'll be, heart of a lion still shining on your sucka ass
Work it, work it, work it, for inner peace
Fightin' for the freedom of my soul, I can hear the speech
Yeah I mumble while I'm trippin' on so many pills
Hah, they figured that they know a nigga

Yeah, I see you waitin' over there
See you jockin' over there
See you lookin' at my girl over here
Why you worried 'bout this girl over here?
Keep your eyes over there, it is creepy when you stare
Turn my head and hey
I see you waitin' over there
I see you jockin' over there
Thinkin' bout your own life
Why you talkin' 'bout the young, you dig?
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right
And they think they know and they think they know
They deal it for real
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, get it right
And they think they know, and they think they know
They deal it for real
I'm just doin' my thang, if you know what I mean, yo



[Verse 1: Teyana Taylor]
Ooh baby, the day you stepped into my world
You noticed I'm the kind of girl who loves her diamonds and white pearls
So tempt me to jetset away in London
To sip on some tea, you surprise me with gifts from Tiffany
Ohh (La la la la la la la la)
I love the way we livin' boy
But my daddy say, "You don't need that boy"
So let's run away, let's run away
Momma say I'm too young for love
And lovin' you's all I'm thinkin' of
My heart tells me that you're the one
It's the feeling you give, it is

[Hook: Teyana Taylor]
Pure bliss
Like you've got the key to my heart
Simple as a touch and a kiss
Never knew a feeling like this
Pure bliss, pure bliss
Nobody can tear us apart
Baby it's as good as it gets
(Kiss kiss kiss kiss)
Loving you will never be hard
This is pure bliss

[Verse 2: John Legend]
I remember when the pilot closed the door
Said it's time for lift off
You said, "What'd you choose me for?"
But don't ever wonder
Cause you deserve the best
Once you reach the top
You'll never question why you left
Oh, my world is yours
What you waitin' for?
Let's run away, let's run away
Our friends, say we're crazy
But we can't listen baby
They've never had it like this
They don't know what it is

[Hook: John Legend & Teyana Taylor]
Pure bliss
Like you've got the key to my heart
Simple as a touch and a kiss
Never knew a feeling like this
Pure bliss, pure bliss
Nobody can tear us apart
Baby it's as good as it gets
(Kiss kiss kiss kiss)
Loving you will never be hard
This is pure bliss



[Verse 1: Pusha T]
Fraud niggas, y’all niggas, that’s that shit I don’t like
Your shit, make believe, rapping ‘bout my own life
That’s rare nigga, Ric Flair nigga
The power’s in my hair nigga, I get it, beat the chair nigga
SoHo, or Tribeca, three hoes, trifecta
Dope money, coke money, Hublot, my watch better
My pen’s better, you don’t write, trendsetter, you clone-like
Pay homage or K’s vomit, ungrateful niggas, I don’t like

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
A snitch nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
A bitch nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
Sneak disser, that’s that shit I don’t like

[Verse 2: Kanye West]
They smile in my face is what I don’t like
They steal your whole sound that’s a soundbite
The media crucify me like they did Christ
They want to find me not breathin’ like they found Mike
A girl’ll run her mouth only out of spite
But I never hit a woman never in my life
I was in too deep like Mekhi Phifer
In that pussy so deep I could have drowned twice
Rose gold Jesus piece with the brown ice
Eatin’ good, vegetarian with the brown rice
Girls kissin’ girls, cause it’s hot right?
But unless they use a strap-on then they not dykes
They ain’t about that life, they ain’t about that life
We hangin’ out that window it’s about to be a Suge night
Free Bump J, real nigga for life
Shoutout to Derrick Rose, man that nigga nice
Shout out to L-E-P, J Boogie right?
Chief Keef, King Louis, this is Chi, right?

[Hook: Chief Keef]
A fuck nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
A snitch nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
A bitch nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like
Sneak disser, that’s that shit I don’t like
Don’t like, like, don’t like, like
A snitch nigga, that’s that shit I don’t like

[Verse 3: Chief Keef]
Fake Gucci, that’s that shit I don’t like
Smokin’ on this dope, higher than a kite
This bitch gon’ love me now, she gon’ let me pipe
Screaming Sosa, that’s that nigga that I like
I don’t want relations, I just want one night
Cause a thirsty bitch, that’s the shit that I don’t like
I got tats up on my arm, cause this shit is life
And I spend on a bunch of clothes, cause I’m livin’ life
I come up on the scene, and I’m stealin’ light
bitch I’m high off life, got me feelin’ right
bitch I’m Chief Keef, fuck who don’t like
And bitch we GBE, we just gon’ cite

[Hook]

[Verse 4: Big Sean]
We are not one and the same, nigga I’m fuckin’ insane, fuck is you sayin’?
Yo ass been doin’ the same, shit, not doin’ what you sayin’
Dang, I told yo old bitch she was fuckin’ a lame, turn one ho to a train
Blow, blang, my niggas holdin’ that pain, I just hope you been praying
Bang bang, ridin’ for my niggas and that’s for life
High class I’m just surrounded by these low-lifes
And I run this bitch like it’s no lights
Goin’ hard the whole night cause I ain’t goin’ back to my old life, I promise

[Hook]

[Verse 5: Jadakiss]
I done sold purple, I done sold white
Running outta work, that’s that shit I don’t like
She never let me hit it, she gave me dome twice
She blowin’ up my phone, that’s that bitch I don’t like
Nah, jean jacket with the sleeves cut
Put the pressure on ‘em just when they think that I eased up
Thirty for the Cuban, ‘nother 30 for the Jesus
Believe in ourselves when nobody else believed us, suckas

[Hook]



[Verse 1:]
Yeezy season approaching
Fuck whatever y'all been hearing
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearing
The monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
She got more niggas off than Cochran (Huh)

[Hook:]
On sight
On sight

How much you wanna give a fuck?
Let me show you right now before you give it up
How much do I not give a fuck?
Let me show you right now before you give it up

[Bridge:]
He'll give us what we need
It may not be what we want

[Verse 2:]
Baby girl tryna get a nut
And her girl tryna give it up
Chopped em both down
Don't judge 'em Joe Brown
One last announcement
No sports bra, let's keep it bouncin
Everybody wanna live at the top of the mountain
Took her to the bleau she tried to sip the fountain
That when David Grutman kicked her out
But I got her back in and put my dick in her mouth

[Hook:]
On sight
On sight

[Outro:]
Ugh, huh
Right now, right now
I need, I need
Right now



For my theme song, my leather black jeans on
My by any means on, pardon I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom but watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman at the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in, came to see me in my black skin
Number one question they asking. Fuck every question you asking
If I don't get ran out by Catholics, here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreacting like them black kids in Chiraq bitch

Four in the morning, and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where's the Trojans?
Baby we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

So follow me up cause this shit's about to go down
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control now
But there's nowhere to go, now
And there's no way to slow down
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would have been blacked out on your ass

Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where's the Trojans?
Baby we livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

Stop all that coon shit, early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit, fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf, soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king, back out the tomb bitch
Black out the room bitch, stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doin' shit, them niggas ain't doin' shit
Come on, homie, what happened?
You niggas ain't breathing you gasping
These niggas ain't ready for action
(Ready, ready for action)

Four in the mornin', and I'm zonin'
I think I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where's the Trojans?
Baby we're livin' in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

So follow me up cause this shit's about to go down
I'm doin' 500, I'm outta control now
But there's nowhere to go, now
And there's no way to slow down
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

God [11x]



[Intro: Capleton]
Blazing, mi don't want them
Mi need them
Blazing
Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated

[Intro]
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

[Hook]
I am a god
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn ménage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a god
Even though I'm a man of god
My whole life in the hands of god
So y'all better quit playing with god

[Verse 1]
Soon as they like you make 'em unlike you
Cause kissing people ass is so unlike you
The only rapper compared to Michael
So here's a few hating-ass niggas who'll fight you
And here's a few snake-ass niggas to bite you
And I don't even wanna hear 'bout what niggas might do
Old niggas mentally still in high school
Since the tight jeans they never liked you
Pink-ass polos with a fucking backpack
But everybody know you brought real rap back
Nobody had swag, man, we the Rat Pack
Virgil Pyrex, Don C snapback
Ivan, diamond, Chi-town shining
Monop' in this bitch, get a change of climate
Hop in this bitch and get the same thing I'm in
Until the day I get struck by lightning

I am a god
So hurry up with my damn massage
In a French-ass restaurant
Hurry up with my damn croissants
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!

[Verse 2]
I just talked to Jesus
He said, "What up Yeezus?"
I said, "Shit I'm chilling
Trying to stack these millions."
I know he the most high
But I am a close high
Mi casa, su casa
That's that cosa nostra
I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!

[Outro: Justin Vernon]
Ain't no way I'm giving up. I'm a god



[Verse 1:]
My momma was raised in an era when,
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doing clothes you would have thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself.
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And there's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come here, please buy more"
What you want a Bentley, fur coat and diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things
Used to only be niggas now everybody play me
Spending everything on Alexander Wang
New Slaves

[Hook:]
You see it's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

You see it's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

[Verse 2:]
I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I see the blood on the leaves
I know that we the new slaves
I see the blood on the leaves
They throwing hate at me
Want me to stay at ease
Fuck you and your corporation
Y'all niggas can't control me
I know that we the new slaves
I know that we the new slaves
I'm about to wild the fuck out
I'm going Bobby Boucher
I know that pussy ain't free
You niggas pussy, ain't me
Y'all throwing contracts at me
You know that niggas can't read
Throw on some Maybach keys
Fuck it, c'est la vie
I know that we the new slaves
Y'all niggas can't fuck with me
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye
Y'all niggas can't fuck with Ye
I'll move my family out the country
So you can't see where I stay
So go and grab the reporters
So I can smash their recorders
See they'll confuse us with some bullshit like the New World Order
Meanwhile the DEA
Teamed up with the CCA
They tryna lock niggas up
They tryna make new slaves
See that's that private owned prison
Get your piece today
They Probably all in the Hamptons
Braggin' 'bout their maid
Fuck you and your Hampton house
I'll fuck your Hampton spouse
Came on her Hampton blouse
And in her Hampton mouth
Y'all 'bout to turn shit up
I'm 'bout to tear shit down
I'm 'bout to air shit out
Now what the fuck they gon' say now?



[Justin Vernon:]
I can hold my liquor
What this man can't handle is me
Dark and lonely now
On Chicago, south of town
I'm on to Indiana
I heard it in the radio now

[Chief Keef:]
I can't handle no liquor
But these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
And my niggas they can't control me
You say you know me, my nigga
But you really just know the old me

[Kanye West:]
Bitch, I'm back out my coma, waking up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover, slightly scratch your Corolla
OK, I smashed your Corolla, I'm hanging on a hangover
Five years we been over, ask me why I came over

One more hit and I can own you, one more fuck and I can own you
One cold night in October, pussy had me floating
Feel like Deepak Chopra, pussy had me dead

Might call 2Pac over,
Yeezy's all on your sofa, these the Red Octobers
Still ain't learn me no manners, you love me when I ain't sober
You love me when I'm hungover,
Even when I blow doja

Then her auntie came over, skinny bitch with no shoulders
Tellin' you that I'm bogus, bitch you don't even know us

Baby girl, he's a loner, baby girl, he's a loner
Late-night organ donor, after that he disown you

After that he's just hopeless, soul mates become soulless
"When it's over it's over"
And, bitch, I'm back out my coma

Calling up your uncle's place
Shit's all over the place
I don't hear your phone
Oh I wanna phone home

I can't handle no liquor
But these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
And my niggas they can't control me
You say you know me, my nigga
But you really just know the old me

[Justin Vernon and Kanye West:]
I heard you need a new fad (a new girl)
I heard you need a new stack (a new girl)
I heard you need a new phone (a new girl)
I know your 'rents ain't be home (a new girl)

Callin' up your uncle's place
Shit's all over the place
I don't hear your phone
Oh I wanna phone home



[Kanye West:]
Damn your lips very soft
As I turn my Blackberry off
And I turn your bath water on
And you turn off your iPhone
Careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hands, legs, eatin' ass
Your pussy's too good, I need to crash
Your titties, let 'em out, free at last
Thank God almighty, they free at last
We was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
Had to stop at 7-Eleven like I needed gas
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass
Chasin' love, lot of bittersweet hours lost
Eatin' Asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
Tell your boss you need an extra hour off
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off

[Agent Sasco:]
That's all them can do (say wah, say wah)
That's all them can do
We deal with action thing
Just a badman thing a dat dem cab do
Action thing yo a badman thing

Man a badman you fi know say
Disrespect we no tek, no way Jose
Try that 'pon February the 30th
That's hard, couldn't try that no day
When we roll round 'pon your block
Nuh bother feel say we won't spray (like a aerosol can)
When we roll round 'pon your block
Nuh bother feel say we won't spray (like an aerosol can)
We ago smile pan court day
Because we beat murder charge like O.J

[Kanye West & Justin Vernon:]
That's right I'm in it (Should've known I would fall)
I'm in it (Stepping on tacks on the floor)
That's right (And boys at your door)
That's right I'm in it (Well you need to fight for your own)
That's right I'm in it (Then don't let me at your table)
I'm in it (If you just gonna lay there)
Fist jumps in the air, you love flame wars
I'll be gone long, grab that  [?] set your  [?]

[Kanye West:]
Picked up where we left off
I need you home when I get off
You know I need that wet mouth
I know you need that reptile
She cut from a different textile
She love different kinds of sex now
Black girl sippin' white wine
Put my fist in her like a civil rights sign
And grabbed it with a slight grind
And held it 'til the right time
Then she came like AAAAAHHH!

That's why I'm in it and I can't get out (That's all them can do)
That's why I'm in it and I can't get out (That's all them can do)
Lay it off, it off, it off.
Star fucker,
Star fucker,
Star fucker,
Who? Where?

[Kanye West:]
Time to take it too far now
Michael Douglas out the car now
The kids and the wife life
But can't wake up from the night life
I'm so scared of my demons
I go to sleep with a nightlight
My mind move like a Tron bike
Pop a wheelie on the Zeitgeist
I'm gonna start a new movement
Being led by the drums
I'm a rap-lic priest
Getting head by the nuns
They don't play what I'm playing
They don't see what I'm saying
They be balling in the D-League
I be speaking Swaghili



Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
Blood on the leaves

I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
Breeze
Now I'm holdin' down the summer now
Breeze
And all I want is what I can't buy now
Blood on the leaves
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Breeze
Yeah I told you to wait
Breeze

So I'mma need a little more time now
Blood on the leaves
'Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Breeze
Yeah, I thought you could wait
Breeze

These bitches surroundin' me
Black bodies
All want somethin' out me
Swinging in the southern breeze

Then they talk about me
Breeze
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Strange fruit hanging
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
From the poplar trees
Now I know you naughty
From the poplar trees
So let's get on with it

We could've been somebody
'Stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly

And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
And you was screamin' that you love me

Before the limelight tore ya
Before the limelight stole ya
Remember we were so young
When I would hold you

Black bodies
Before the glory
Swinging in the southern breeze
Breeze
I know there ain't wrong with me

Strange fruit hanging
Something strange's happening
From the poplar trees
From the poplar trees

You could've been somebody
We could've, we could've been somebody
Or was it all our first party
When we tried our first molly

And came out of our body
And came out of our body

Before they call lawyers
Before you tried to destroy us
How you gon' lie to the lawyers?
It's like I don't even know ya
I gotta bring it back to the Nola

Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Black bodies
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Swinging in the southern breeze
Fuck them other niggas 'cause I'm down with my niggas
Breeze
I ride with my niggas, I'll die for my

Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
From the poplar trees

To all my second string bitches, trying to get a baby
Trying to get a baby, now you talkin' crazy
I don't give a damn if you used to talk to Jay-Z
He ain't with you, he with Beyonce, you need to stop actin' lazy
She Instagram herself like "Bad bitch alert"
He Instagram his watch like "Mad rich alert"
He only wanna see that ass in reverse
Two thousand dollar bag with no cash in your purse

Now you sittin' courtside
Wifey on the other side
Gotta keep 'em separated
I call that apartheid

Then she said she impregnated, that's the night your heart died
Then you gotta go and tell your girl and report that

Main reason 'cause your pastor said you can't abort that
Now your driver say that new Benz you can't afford that
All that cocaine on the table you can't snort that
That going to that owing money that the court got

On and on that alimony
She got you homie
'Til death but do your part
Unholy matrimony

Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Breeze
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
From the poplar trees

Breeze breeze
Blood on the leaves
Breeze breeze

Blood on the leaves
Breeze breeze
And breeze

Black bodies swinging in the southern breeze
Breeze
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees
From the poplar trees

Breeze breeze
Blood on the leaves
Breeze breeze
Blood on the leaves
Breeze breeze



[Intro:]
I need to call it off, I need to make it known
'Nother one, something gone, Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn, fancy like the things she likes
She lives her life, I'm living mine

[Bridge:]
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray

[Verse:]
Maybe it's cause she into Leos
And I was into trios, plus all the trips to Rio
Couldn't have helped, it's gettin' cold
Better bring your ski clothes, pick it through the keyhole
The door locked by myself and I'm feelin' it right now
Cause it's the time when my heart got shot down
Blocka-blocka, blocka, blocka-blocka, blocka
Pour a little champagne, cranberry vodka
Feelin' lied to like parents never said you adopted
Your feelings like Zulu, then nothing is a Shaka
I hit her with Jamaican dick, I'm the new Shabba
She lookin' for her daddy, call me Big Poppa
On to the next saga
Focus on the future and let the crew knock her
Star Wars fur, yeah I'm rockin' Chewbacca
The one Chief Rocka, number one Chief Rocka

[Bridge: Popcaan]
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop, chop chop
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to rise it and spray
None ah dem have the guts to bust the SK

[Hook:]
In my mind, in my, in my mind
In my mind, mind, mind, mind
In my mind, in my, in my mind
In my mind, mind, mind, mind
In my mind, in my, in my mind
Mind, mind, mind

[Outro: Kid Cudi]
Ohh
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
Let me go, let me go, let me go, let me go
If you love me so much then why'd you let me go?
Let me go, let me go

[Hook:]
In my mind, in my, in my mind
In my mind, mind, mind, mind
In my mind, in my, in my mind
In my mind, mind, mind, mind
In my mind, in my, in my mind
Mind, mind, mind



[King Louie:]
Rockstar bitch call me Elvis
M.O.B, she call me selfish
Success got 'em jealous
Shorty's killing, while I'm drilling
Tattoos, how they break the news
It was real if you made the news
Last night my bitches came in twos
And they both suck like they came to lose
Dropped out the first day of school
Cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be going hard, I got a name to prove
Killing 'em, honey how I make the pain improve

We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

[Kanye West:]
This the greatest shit in the club
Since "In Da Club"
It's so packed I might ride around
On my bodyguard's back like Prince in the club
She say "Can you get my friends in the club?"
I say "Can you get my Benz in the club?"
If not, treat your friends like my Benz
Park they ass outside 'til the evening end
When I go raw, I like to leave it in
When I wake up, I like to go again
When I go to work, she gotta call it in
She can't go to work, same clothes again
And her heart colder than the souls of men
Louboutin on the toes again
Tight dress dancing close to him
Yeezus just rose again

[King Louie:]
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down
We can send this bitch up, it can't go down

[Beenie Man:]
Memories don't live like people do
They always 'member you
Whether things are good or bad
It's just the memories that you have



[Hook:]
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

[Bridge:]
All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down, you supposed to drown
Bound

[Hook:]
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

[Verse 1:]
What you doing in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday
They ordered champagne but still look thirsty
Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty
I know I got a bad reputation
Walking 'round, always mad reputation
Leave a pretty girl sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation
I turned the nightclub out of the basement
I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complaining
How you gon' be mad on vacation?
Dutty wining 'round all these Jamaicans
Uh, this that prom shit
This that what we do, don't tell your mom shit
This that red cup, all on the lawn shit
Got a fresh cut, straight out the salon, bitch

[Charlie Wilson:]
I know you're tired of loving, of loving
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)

[Kanye West:]
Close your eyes and let the word paint a thousand pictures
One good girl is worth a thousand bitches
Bound

[Hook:]
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)

[Verse 2:]
I wanna fuck you hard on the sink
After that, give you something to drink
Step back, can't get spunk on the mink
I mean damn, what would Jeromey Romey Romey Rome think?
Hey, you remember where we first met?
Okay, I don't remember where we first met
But hey, admitting is the first step
And hey, you know ain't nobody perfect
And I know, with the hoes I got the worst rep
But hey, their backstroke I'm tryna perfect
And hey, ayo, we made it, Thanksgiving
So hey, maybe we can make it to Christmas
She asked me what I wished for on my wishlist
Have you ever asked your bitch for other bitches?
Maybe we could still make it to the church steps
But first, you gon' remember how to forget
After all these long-ass verses
I'm tired, you tired, Jesus wept

[Charlie Wilson:]
I know you're tired of loving, of loving
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
So just grab somebody, no leaving this party
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody (Uh-huh, honey)

[Kanye West:]
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Jerome's in the house, watch your mouth
Bound

[Hook:]
Bound to fall in love
Bound to fall in love (Uh-huh, honey)



[Natalie is Great (Mother):]
Yes, God
We don't want no devils in the house, God 
Yes, Lord
We want the lord 
Yes, Jesus
And that's it 
Yes, God
Hallel— hand over Satan 
Yes, Jesus
Jesus praise the Lord 
Yes, God
Hallelujah, God 
Yes, God
We don't want no devils in the house, God 
Yes, Lord
We want the lord 
Yes, Jesus
And that's it 
Yes, God
Hallel— hand over Satan 
Yes, Jesus
Jesus praise the Lord 
Yes, God

[Kanye West & The-Dream:]
I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need you now, oh,
I pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything, thing, thing, thing

[The-Dream & Choir:]
I'm tryna keep my faith
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war
I'm tryna keep my faith

[Kelly Price (Choir):]
So why send depression not blessings?
Why, oh why'd you do me wrong? More
You persecute the weak
Because it makes you feel so strong to save
Don't have much strength to fight
So I look to the light, Lord
To make these wrongs turn right
Head up high, I look to the light
Hey, cause I know that you'll make everything alright
And I know that you'll take good care of your child
Oh, no longer am afraid of the night
Cause I, I look to the light

[Chance The Rapper:]
When they come for you, I will shield your name
I will field their questions, I will feel your pain
No one can judge
They don't, they don't know
They don't know
Foot on the Devil's neck 'til it drifted Pangaea
I'm moving all my family from Chatham to Zambia
Treat the demons just like Pam
I mean I fuck with your friends, but damn, Gina
I been this way since Arthur was anteater
Now they wanna hit me with the woo wap the bam
Tryna snap photos of familia
My daughter look just like Sia, you can't see her
You can feel the lyrics, the spirit coming in braille
Tubman of the underground, come and follow the trail
I made Sunday Candy, I'm never going to hell
I met Kanye West, I'm never going to fail
He said let's do a good ass job with Chance three
I hear you gotta sell it to snatch the Grammy
Let's make it so free and the bars so hard
That there ain't one gosh darn part you can't tweet
This is my part, nobody else speak
This is my part, nobody else speak
This little light of mine
Glory be to God, yeah
I'mma make sure that they go where they can't go
If they don't wanna ride I'mma still give them raincoats
Know what God said when he made the first rainbow
Just throw this at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Ugh, I'm just having fun with it
You know that a nigga was lost
I laugh in my head
Cause I bet that my ex looking back like a pillar of salt
Ugh, cause they'll flip the script on your ass like Wesley and Spike
You cannot mess with the light
Look at lil Chano from 79th

[Kanye West:]
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything

[The-Dream (Natalie Is Great) & Choir:]
Yes, God
Hallelujah
I'm tryna keep my faith
Yes, Jesus
That's it
But I'm looking for more
Somewhere I can feel safe
And end my holy war

[Kirk Franklin & Choir:]
Father, this prayer is for everyone that feels they're not good enough.
This prayer's for everybody that feels like they're too messed up.
For everyone that feels they've said "I'm sorry" too many times.
You can never go too far when you can't come back home again. That's why I need...
Faith, more, safe, war



[Pastor T.L. Barrett:]
You're the only power
You're the only power that can
You're the only power
You're the only power that can, ohhhh

[Future:]
If young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you

[Kid Cudi:]
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted

[Kanye West:]
Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
If I ever instigated I’m sorry
Tell me who in here can relate, I, I, I

Now if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'mma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She get under your skin if you let her
She get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to say nothing
Everybody gon' say something
I'd be worried if they said nothing
Remind me where I know you from?
She looking like she owe you some
You know just what we want
I want to wake up with you in my eyes

[Kid Cudi:]
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted

[Kanye West:]
Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
If I ever instigated I’m sorry
Tell me who in here can relate, I, I, I



(Perfect)

[Kanye West:]
I go, I go, ay ay, I go
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
The same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Mama pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks

[Desiigner:]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twisting dope, lean, and the Fanta
Credit cards and the scammers
Hitting off licks in the bando
Black X6, Phantom
White X6 looks like a panda
Going out like I’m Montana
Hundred killers, hundred hammers
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, panda
Pockets swole, Danny
Selling bar, candy
Man I'm the macho like Randy
The choppa go Oscar for Grammy
Bitch nigga, pull up ya panty
Hope you killers understand me

[Kanye West:]
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Taking all the stacks, oh
Stacks, oh
Taking all the stacks, oh

[Desiigner:]
I got broads in Atlanta
Twisting dope, lean, and shit sipping Fanta
Credit cards and the scammers
Wake up Versace, shit life Desiigner
Whole bunch of lavish shit
They be asking round town who be clapping shit
I pulling up stuff in the Phantom ship
I got plenty of stuff of Bugatti, whip look how I try this shit
Black X6, Phantom
White X6, killing on camera

[Caroline Shaw:]
How can I find you?
Who do you turn to?
How do I bind you?

[Pastor T. L. Barrett:]
If I don't turn to you
No other help I know, I stretch my hands



[Rihanna & Kanye West:]
Man I can understand how it might be
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know
Swizz told me let the beat rock

[Kanye West & Swizz Beatz:]
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous

[Rihanna & Swizz Beatz:]
I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
Wake up, Mr West! Oh, he's up!
I just wanted you to know

[Kanye West & Swizz Beatz:]
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She in school to be a real estate agent
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die

[Rihanna:]
I just wanted you to know

[Sister Nancy & Swizz Beatz:]
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
'ey what a bam bam
How you feeling right now? Let me see your lighters in the air
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Bam bam eh
Bam bam, bam bam
Let me see your middle finger in the air
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Let me see you act up in this motherfucker
'ey what a bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
How you feelin', how you feelin, how you feelin' in this mother fucker, god damn
Bam bam
One thing you can't do is stop us now
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
You can't stop the thing now
'ey what a bam bam
Man it's way too late, it's way too late, it's way too late you can't fuck with us
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
To the left, to the right
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
I wanna see everybody hands in the air like this
'ey what a bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam

[Nina Simone:]
I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know



Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We bout to get this paper

Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Even if the money low, can't play me

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We bout to get this paper

Pablo bought a Roley and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I’ve been saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

I can’t let these people play me
Name one genius that ain't crazy
Follow our father
You borrow our motto
I'm a Chicago south sider
I'm a Chicago south sider

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
It's time to get the paper

I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn’t even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA's mad cause I made a jacket outta possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same uh that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

Hold on, hold on, hold on
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo!



You want me to give you a testimony about my life, and how good he's been to me.
I don't know what to tell you about him,
I love him so much with all my heart and my soul with every bone in my body I love him so much because he's done so much for me. 

Every morning, every day of my life.
I won't always be crying tears in the middle of the night, and I won't always have to wake up by myself wondering how I'm gonna get through the day.
I won't always have to think about what I'm gonna do and how I'm gonna, how I'm gonna make it, how I'm gonna get there, because he...
he's gonna be there for me. Some day the sky above will open up and he will reach out his hand and guide me through, oh yes he will.
I won't always be crying these tears. I won't always be feeling so blue. Some day, he will open up the door for me and call my name.
Some day he will. I don't know if anybody understands what that feels like.

No matter what you've been through or where you've been he's always there,
with his arms open wide accepting me for who I am and I love him so much, I couldn't do it without him I wouldn't want to.
I'm crying now, it feels so good to be free, to be accepted for who you are and loved no matter what, oh lord thank you, you are the joy of my life.



[Young Thug & Kanye West:]
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be mine

[El Debarge:]
One life, one night
High lights
Livin' the life 'til I die

[Kanye West:]
I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan
Life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas, impregnate Bridget
Soon as she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin', girl you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not

[The-Dream:]
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I want to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I want to know right now if you a freak or not
Oh lord, oh lord
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I want to know right now if you a freak or not
Bad bitch up in Equinox
I want to know right now if you a freak or not
Oh lord, oh lord



[Kanye West:]
This that rap god shit nigga
I rip every one of these motherfuckers down
Aye, rah, rah, rah
Rah, rah

Close eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this motherfuckin' dinner table?
What if we just fucked at the Vogue party
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'? They don't want nothin'
You motherfuckers living like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fucking like baby don't get too loud
I can, I can sing it, yeah

[Desiigner:]
I want it right now
All of my niggas gon' get it in Chi now
You get hit with the pie now
Rolls with killer money nigga get by now
Right now, right now
I'm with niggas that have been to your side now
Side now, side down



I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta to say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink Polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song, about Kanye?
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye," man that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye



Turn it up!

[Kanye West:]
Step up in this bitch like (turn it up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my dick like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave

[Chris Brown:]
Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby I don't, I don't need to own...

[Kanye West:]
Sun don't shine in the shade (turn it up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage (turn it up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn it up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave (yeah)

[Chris Brown:]
Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Waves don't die, baby
Let me crash here for a moment
Baby I don't, I don't need to own you

No lie
No lie
No lie
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie

[Chris Brown & Theophilus London:]
No lie
Ooh baby, ooh baby
You set the night on fire
I'm still gon' be here in the morning
No lie



[Kanye West:]
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul, my soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

[The Weeknd:]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Kanye West:]
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico
Remember that last time, the episode
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times that you say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me, hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have the laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I...

[The Weeknd:]
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me
They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me

[Section 25 & Kanye West:]
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them, throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Nah, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
And forget all your cares
Throw them, throw them away
Oh, life's a feeling
Oh, the body's a feeling



[Kanye West:]
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up, I'm drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you're not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?

[Ty Dolla $ign:]
Tell me you want your tickets when it's gametime
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Even when we was young I used to make time
Now we be way too busy just to make time
Even for my...

[Kanye West & Ty Dolla $ign:]
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him

I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
I just showed up for the yams though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be

Lookin' for all my real friends
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, to the real end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "what's up, fam, oh you good?"
You say, "I'm good" then great, the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?

Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him



[Kanye West:]
Lost and beat up
Dancin' down there
I found you somewhere out
Right 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now

Got to love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now

[Vic Mensa:]
Cry, I'm not sorry
Cry, who needs sorry when there's Hennessey
Don't fool yourself
Your eyes don't lie, you're much too good to be true
Don't fire fight
Yeah I feel you burning, everything's burning
Don't fly too high
Your wings might melt, you're much too good to be true
I'm just bad for you
I'm just bad, bad, bad for you

[Sia:]
I was lost and beat up
Turned out, burned up
You found me through a heartache
Didn't know me, you were drawn in
I was lost and beat up
I was warm flesh, unseasoned
You found me in your gaze
Oh I found me, or Jesus

I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
I was too wild, I was too wild
And I need you now
Lost and found out

You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow

You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin'
Before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves."
"What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
Yes she was
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves."



The rings all ring out
Burn out, cave in
Blackened to dark out
I'm mixed now, fleshed out
There's light with no heat
We cooled out, it's cool out
Life is precious
We found out, we found out
We found out



[Max B:]
Yeezy, Yeezy, what's good?
It's your boy Max B, what's going on?
Just checking in on you
Appreciate the love and support
The wave is here
You a wavey dude anyway, so you already know
Ain't no problem, man, the game...
You already know how this game thing goes
Do your wave nigga
You got the official wave man
Just, just doing you...
Doing you, doing your wave
And keep it loopy, I know you're going to keep it loopy man
Shoutout, just shout you out
Hollering at you man, it's all love
I appreciate the... the energy
And we here, hit the town, we do something big
We gonna make a big tsunami up in the joint
You already know what it is, ahh

[French Montana:]
Silver Surfer
Silver Surfer in the flesh

[Max B:]
Silver surfer in the flesh
Max B shoutout to Yeezy
What's good, I see you
It's love, appreciate it
It's honor, appreciate it
Ugh, wavey, baby, yeah



Baby lion goes
Where the islands go

You say you never saw this comin', well you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale Ándale E.I, E.I, uh, oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though

But I still drove 30 hours
But still drove 30 hours to you

I remember rapping for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt skrrt skrrt like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need that happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in hurr, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, 3 stars for you
You call down for an omelet
Girl it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob
Cause you was in college complainin' about it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga's dick the whole time
Well I guess a blowjob's better than no job

And I drove back 30 hours

Were remains that long to lose sad
Better unsaid
Always turn, oh

[with André 3000:]
3 stacks, can you help me out?
30 hours
Yeah, this the type of shit you ride out to
30 hours
30 hours
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive 90 miles like Matt Barnes to kill...
30 hours
Just to kill..
Just to...
Just to...
I'm about to drive 90
90 miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga
30 hours
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah
30 hours
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ay, woop him after school just to
30 hours
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, 3 Stacks
30 hours
30 hours
Just ride out to that
Check it out, this the bonus track, this the bonus
My favorite albums just have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Just did that Madison Square Garden
30 hours
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit
The pyramids shall rise
30 hours
Look at all these Ultralight Beams flowin'
For all the moms, dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
30 hours
You know, ay you know
Ay, you know, ay, you know
30 hours
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout out track
30 hours
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it out in Africa
30 hours
To my family, thank you for holding me down
The media be after us
That's Gabe calling
Yo Gabe
I'm just doing a... just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
30 hours



[Junie Morrison:]
La di da di da, da
I like this flavor
La di da di da, la
Let me tell you
I'm out here from a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far

[Kanye West:]
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more (Los Angeles)
Please (shake that body, party that bod-)
Please (shake that body, party that body)
Please (shake that body, party that body)

[Kendrick Lamar & Kanye West:]
Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Uhm, well cutie, I like your bougie booty
Come Erykah Badu me, well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
A country girl that love Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, one thing
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making them mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
I said baby, spin that round and say the alphabet backwards
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good though, the head still good though
Ladies say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee
And I want two of these, moving units through consumer streets
Then my shoe released, she was kicking in gratuity
And yeah G, I was all for it
She said K Lamar, you kind of dumb to be a poet
I'mma put you on game for the lames that don't know they're a rookie
Instagram is the best way to promote some pussy

[Kanye West:]
Scary
Scary
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA

Friday night tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat something pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
And the Louis Vuitton store, got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only get hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
Any rumor you heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use their kids as meal tickets
Not knowing the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em really
I remember Amber told my boy no matter what happens she ain't going back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content of slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some god damn barricades
I be paranoid every time
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
The problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
I had my life threatened by best friends who had selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans who thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
I'm 38 years old, a 8 year old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I ain't never drive it
It took 6 months to take the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed as soon as they backed it out
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressing like Cam, thank God for me
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money, money, money, money
Big, big money, money, money, money
And as far as real friends, tell my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker

[Larry Graham:]
I just keep on lovin' you, baby
And there's no one else I know who can take your place

[Kanye West:]
Please, no more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more (Los Angeles)

[Junie Morrison:]
I'm out here from a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far
SWISH



Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Yo!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', all y'all get the message?
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (Yo!)
10 thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (Yo!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (Yo!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em grey poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for? Haaan?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (Yo!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (Yo!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)



[Rare Earth:]
Your love is fadin'
Your love is fadin'
Your love is fadin'
I feel it's fadin'

[Ty Dolla $ign & Rare Earth:]
When no one ain't around
I feel it's fadin'
I think I think too much
I feel it's fadin'
Ain't nobody watchin'
I feel it's fadin'
I just fade away

I feel it...
Fade away
I feel it...
I feel it...
Fade away-ay-ay-ay
I think I think too much
I feel it...
Your love is fadin'
I feel it...

[Kanye West & Rare Earth:]
Roll up, roll up
Hold up, hold up
Po' up, po' up
I feel it
I love to
I wanna
I'm tryna
I feel it
I'ma rock the boat
Work the middle 'til it hurt a little
I feel it
Your love is fadin'
I feel it

[Ty Dolla $ign & Rare Earth:]
Fuckin' with a real ass nigga
I feel it
Fuck how you feel ass nigga
I feel it
Bitch better act like you know better
I feel it
Woah

When no one ain't around
I feel it's fadin'
I think I think too much
I feel it's fadin'
Ain't nobody watchin'
I feel it's fadin'
I just fade away
I feel it's fadin'

[Post Malone:]
You don't even know
I've been so far gone
I feel it
I've been so led on
I've been runnin' 'round
I feel it
I've been on my shit
Whole world on my dick
I feel it
I just need to know
I can feel it

[Ms. Barbara Tucker & Rare Earth:]
Oh, deep inside
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Yes, deep inside
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Oh, deep inside
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Yes, deep inside
I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down inside
I can feel it
Oh, deep inside
Oh, I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Yes, deep inside
Oh, I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Oh, deep inside
Oh, I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down inside
I feel it
Yes, deep inside
Oh, I get lifted, yes
Deep, deep, down inside
I get
I feel it's fadin'
Oh, I get lifted, yes

[Rare Earth:]
I feel it's fadin'
I feel it's fadin'
I feel it
I feel it's fadin'



[Kanye West:]
Yeah, 9: 08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit

[Kanye West:]
My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowing I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm going crazy on Twitter
My friends best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spending
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretending
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in their control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Grow conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God For Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most Blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

[Sampha:]
And you're looking at the church in the night sky
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
Are we looking in the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're looking at the church in the night sky
Father, father, father
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
The night sky, I feel like I'm home, baby

[Kanye West:]
I've been waking the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringing, go and get your kids ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share they truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a cheque-book
But buy a new car, talking 'bout how my neck look?
Well it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buying our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil working hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people, real
I've awoken from an enlightened man's dream
Checking Instagram comments to crowd-source my self-esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm praying a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rapping
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know he got a plan, I know I'm on your beams
One set of footsteps, you was carrying me
When I turned on the news and they was burying me
One set of footsteps, you was carrying me
When I was negotiating with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave twenty to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had the stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'mma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, looking for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern day MJ with an off-the-wall flow

[Sampha:]
Nightlife, walk all over me
Walk all over me
I'm delivering everything I've ever sent to you, bring
Fly, fly, fly overseas
Fly overseas
Oh, anywhere, everything but in between

[Sampha:]
Yeah, you're looking at the church in the night sky
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're looking in the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're looking at the church in the night sky
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
Yeah, you're looking at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife

[Sampha:]
Please face me when I speak
Please say to me something before you leave
You've been treating me like I'm invisible
Now I'm visible to you, oh, the invisible truths
Stay sober
I don't quite understand the games you play
Understand, understand
Understand I'm standing under oath
And I promised I, I wouldn't fall anymore
While I'm crying at the bar
I'm wishing that you saw my scars, man
I'm wishing that you came down here
And stood by me
And look at me like you knew me
But I feel so alone
Like I don't know anyone except the night sky above

[Sampha:]
And you're looking at the church in the night sky
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
Are we looking at the church in the night sky?
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're looking at the church in the night sky
Father, father, father
Wondering whether God's gonna say hi
Are we looking at the church in the night sky?
Father, father, father
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife



[Francis and the Lights:]
I know, I know, I know, I know, know
I know, I know, I know, I know, know

[Kanye West:]
I, I know it, I know it

The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
Today I seriously thought about killing you
I contemplated, premeditated murder
And I think about killing myself, and I love myself way more than I love you, so...
Today I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
You'd only care enough to kill somebody you love
The most beautiful thoughts are always inside the darkest
Just say it out loud to see how it feels
People say don't say this, don't say that
Just say it out loud to see how it feels
Weigh all the options, nothing's off the table
Today I thought about killing you, premeditated murder
I think about killing myself, and I love myself way more than I love you, so
The most beautiful thoughts are always besides the darkest
I think this is the part where I'm supposed to say something good to compensate it
So it doesn't come off bad
But sometimes I think really bad things
Really, really, really bad things
And I love myself way more than I love you
See if I was trying to relate it to more people
I'd probably say I'm struggling with loving myself because that seems like a common theme
But that's not the case here
I love myself way more than I love you
And I think about killing myself
So best believe, I thought about killing you today
Premeditated murder

I called up my loved ones, I called up my cousins
I called up the Muslims, said I'm 'bout to go dumb
Get so bright it's no sun, get so loud I hear none
Screamed so loud got no lungs, hurt so bad I go numb
Time to bring in the drums, that prrt-pum-pum-pum
Set the Newtone on 'em, set the nuke off on 'em
I need coconut rum, I taste coke on her tongue
I don't joke with no one, they'll say he die so young
I done had a bad case of too many bad days
Got too many bad traits
Used the floor for ashtrays
I don't do shit halfway, I'ma clear the cache
I'ma make my name last, put that on my last name
It's a different type of rules that we obey
Ye, Ye, Ye season, nigga, we obey
We was all born to die, nigga DOA
Niggas say they hero, mhm, I don't see no cake
Mhm, I don't see no, mhm, yeah, I don't see no, mhm
If I wasn't signed to so hard there'd be no Shay
Buckwheat ass nigga, it's 'gon be otay
Young nigga shit, nigga, we don't age
I thought I was past my Deebo ways
Even when I went broke, I ain't break
How you gon' hate? Nigga, we go way back
To when I had the braids and you had the wave cap
Drop a pimp of the fade and I'm on my way ASAP
Don't get socked in the mouth, you know homie don't play that
Pay the fire marshal bill 'cause this shit done got way packed
They wanna see me go ape (ape, ape)
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
All you gotta do is speak on Ye
Don't get your tooth chipped like Frito-Lay



Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself

Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2CB, huh?
Is he gon' make it? TBD, huh
Thought I was gon' run, DMC, huh?
I done died and lived again on DMT, huh
See, this a type of high that won't come down
This the type of high that get you gunned down
Yeezy, Yeezy trollin' OD, huh?
Turn TMZ to Smack DVD, huh?
Russell Simmons wanna pray for me too
I'ma pray for him 'cause he got #MeToo'd
Thinkin' what if that happened to me too
Then I'm on E! News

Shit can get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
Shit can get menacin', frightenin', find help
Sometimes I scare myself, myself

Ayy, hospital band a hundred bands, fuck a watch
Hundred grand'll make your best friends turn to opps
I hear y'all bringin' my name up a lot
Guess I just turned the clout game up a notch
See, y'all really shocked but I'm really not
You know how many girls I took to the titty shop?
If she get the ass with it, that's a 50 pop
I still bring the bad bitches in the city out
Uh, just a different type of leader
We could be in North Korea, I could smoke with Wiz Khalifa, uh Told my wife I've never seen her
After I hit it, bye Felicia, that's the way that I'ma leave it up

Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
See this is why all the bitches fuck with Ye, fuck what they talk about
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
They take me on meds, off meds ask yourself
Shit could get menacin', frightenin', find help
Ask your homegirl right now, look, you had a shot at Ye
Sometimes I scare myself, myself
You drop everything

Tweakin', tweakin' off that 2CB, huh?
This is why your bitches fuck with me, huh
Smash, she gon' end up on TV, huh?
Last thing that you ever wanna see, huh
I can feel the spirits all around me
I think Prince and Mike was tryna warn me
They know I got demons all on me
Devil been tryna make an army
They been strategizin' to harm me
They don't know they dealin' with a zombie
Niggas been tryna test my Gandhi
Just because I'm dressed like Abercrombie

You see? You see?
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout
That's why I fuck with Ye
That's my third person
That's my bipolar shit, nigga what?
That's my superpower, nigga ain't no disability
I'm a superhero! I'm a superhero!
Agghhhh!



[Valee:]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom, I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp, get the genie out the bottle

[Ty Dolla $ign:]
Fuck it up, fuck it up
Pussy good, go and back it up
Pipe her up, I'ma pipe her up
Make her mine, I done fell in love
[Valee:]
Juicy thing, make that pussy say
"One more time, baby, do it big
Make it cry, come, go hold this shit."

Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom, I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp, get the genie out the bottle

[Kanye West:]
If I pull up with a Kerry Washington
That's gon' be an enormous scandal, I could have Naomi Campbell
And still might want me a Stormy Daniels
Sometimes, you gotta bag the boss up
I call that taking Corey Gambles
Find yourself up in the food court
You might have to enjoy your sample
All these thots on Christian Mingle, almost what got Tristan single
If you don't ball like him or Kobe
Guarantee that bitch gonna leave you
Ayy, time is extremely valuable and I prefer to waste it
On girls that's basic, that's just some Ye shit
Right now let's do what we want
Let's have a threesome with you and the blunt
I love your titties, 'cause they prove
I can focus on two things at once

[Valee:]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom, I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp, get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle

[Kanye West:]
Let me hit it raw like fuck the outcome
Ayy, none of us would be here without cum
Ayy, if it ain't all about the income
Ayy, let me see you go ahead and spend some
Ayy, if you driving 'round in some Dri-Fit
Ayy, I'ma think that you the type to dry snitch
Hm, mhm, if I see you pull up with the three stripes
Ayy, ayy, I'ma fuck around and make you my bitch

[Valee:]
Yeah, you supermodel thick
Damn, that ass bustin' out the bottom, I'ma lose my mind in it
Crazy that medulla oblongata
Get to rubbin' on my lamp, get the genie out the bottle
Get the genie out the bottle



[PARTYNEXTDOOR:]
I don't feel that she's mine enough
God, I feel I couldn't have you windin' up
Butterfly in my wrist, you make me run out of my skin
And I don't feel like
And I know you wouldn't leave

[Kanye West:]
They say, "Build your own"—I said, "How, Sway?"
I said, "Slavery a choice"—they said, "How, 'Ye?"
Just imagine if they caught me on a wild day
Now I'm on fifty blogs gettin' fifty calls
My wife callin', screamin', say, "We 'bout to lose it all!"
Had to calm her down 'cause she couldn't breathe
Told her she could leave me now, but she wouldn't leave

And I know you wouldn't leave

[Jeremih:]
When somethin frees
We doin' such things
We could wait longer than this
Yes, you know you're one of these
We can run thru with the top chopped, yeah
And the sundress down, oooh

And I know you wouldn't leave

[Kanye West:]
Oh, don't bring that up, that's gon' get me sentimental
You know I'm sensitive, I got a gentle mental
Every time something happen, they want me sent to mental
We had an incident but I cover incidentals
You want me working on my messaging
When I'm thinkin' like George Jetson but sounding like George Jefferson
Then they questioning my methods then
If you tweakin' out on my texts again then I don't get reception here
I got the mind state to take us past the stratosphere
I use the same attitude that done got us here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
I live for now, I don't know what happen after here
Plus, what was meant to be was meant to be
Even if, publicly, I lack the empathy
I ain't finna talk about it, 'nother four centuries
One and one is two but me and you, that's infinity

And I know you wouldn't leave

[Choir / PARTYNEXTDOOR / Ty Dolla $ign:]
I don't feel that she's mine enough
God, I feel I couldn't have you windin' up
Butterfly in my wrist
You make me run out of my skin (run out of my skin)
And I don't feel like (uhh)
And I know you wouldn't leave (love me or hate me)

[Kanye West (Ty Dolla $ign):]
For any guy that ever fucked up (love me or hate me)
Ever embarrassed they girl (love me or hate me)
Ever embarrassed they wife (gone when you miss me)
She told you not to do that shit (ohh)
She told you you's gon' fuck the money up
But you ain't wanna listen, did you?
Keep that same energy
Keep that same energy
Now you testing her loyalty
This what they mean when they say
"For better or for worse", huh?
For every down female that stuck with they dude
Through the best times, through the worst times
This for you

And I know you wouldn't leave



[Slick Rick:]
Believe it or not
Believe it or not

[Charlie Wilson & Kid Cudi:]
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
Make no mistake, girl, I still like you
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
Make no mistake, girl, I still like you

[Kanye West:]
Take the top off, let the sun come in
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Woah, for all my dogs that stayed down, we up again (yeah)
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Oh, I got dirt on my name, I got white on my beard
I had debt on my books, it's been a shaky ass year
Let me make this clear, so all y'all see
I don't take advice from people less successful than me, huh?
Ain't no love lost, but the gloves off
And we up in this bitch until they turn the club off
Had to tell the dogs "Turn the snubs off"
Plus they already mad that the Cubs lost
(The Lord still shines on you)
(Believe it or not)
These two wrongs'll right you
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
I was too grown in high school
(Believe it or not)
The true soul of Ice Cube
Too close to snipe you (the Lord still shines on you)
Truth told, I like you
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Too bold to type you
(Believe it or not)
Too rich to fight you
Calm down, you light skin!

[Charlie Wilson & Kid Cudi:]
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (make no)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (no way)
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you
(Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you (no way)
Make no mistake, girl, I still love you



[Shirley Ann Lee:]
Some day, some day
Some day I'll, I will wear a starry crown
[PARTYNEXTDOOR:]
Some day, some day
Some day I wanna lay down, like God did, on Sunday
Hold up, hold up
Some days, some days
I remember this on some days
Back way, yeah way, way
Some day, mmm, mmm
Some day, I wanna tell everybody, some days
I wanna hit the red dot, I'll never find
Some days, some
Smokin' marijuana
Now that I'm livin' high, I do whatever I wanna, some day

[Kid Cudi:]
I've been tryin', to make you love me
But everything I try, just takes you further from me

[Kanye West:]
Some day we gon' set it off, some day we gon' get this off
Baby, don't you bet it all, on a pack of Fentanyl
You might think they wrote you off
They gon' have to rope me off
Some day the drama'll be gone, and they'll pray, no, oh, no
Sometimes I take all the shine, talk like I drank all the wine
Years ahead but way behind, I'm on one, two, three, four, five
No half-truths, just naked minds, caught between space and time
This now, with the world in mind, but maybe some day

[Kid Cudi:]
I've been tryin', to make you love me
But everything I try, just takes you further from me

[070 Shake:]
Oh, once again I am a child
I let it all go, of everything that I know, yeah
Of everything that I know, yeah
And nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed
Yeah, and nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed
Yeah, and nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed
Yeah, and nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free
We're still the kids we used to be, yeah, yeah
I put my hand on a stove, to see if I still bleed
Yeah, and nothing hurts anymore, I feel kinda free



[070 Shake:]
Fallin', dreamin', talkin' in your sleep
I know you want to cry all night, all night
Plottin', schemin', finding
Reason to defend all of your violent nights
Promise me

Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)
They gotta repeat the colors, the lie is wearin' off
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off
Colors drippin' off

[Kanye West:]
Niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players
'Til niggas have daughters, now they precautious
Father forgive me, I'm scared of the karma
'Cause now I see women as somethin' to nurture
Not somethin' to conquer
I hope she like Nicki, I'll make her a monster
Not havin' ménages, I'm just being silly
I answered the door, like Will Smith and Martin
Nigga do we have a problem?
Matter of fact Marlon, this ain't Meet the Fockers
I'll beat his ass, pray I beat the charges
No, daddy don't play, not when it come to they daughters
Don't do no yoga, don't do pilates
Just play piano and stick to karate
I pray your body's draped more like mine and not like your mommy's
Just bein' salty, but niggas is nuts
And I am a nigga, I know what they want
I pray that you don't get it all at once
Curves under your dress, I know it's pervs all on the net
All in the comments, you wanna vomit
That's your baby, you love her to death
Now she cuttin' class and hangin' with friends
You break a glass and say it again
She can't comprehend the danger she's in
If you whoop her ass, she move in with him
Then he whoop her ass, you go through it again
But how you the devil rebukin' the sin?
Let's pray we can put this behind us
I swear that these times is the wildest
She got the scars, they serve as reminders
Blood still on her pajamas, but yesterday is dead, yeah
Moment of silence, next she'll be off to college and then at the altar
'Cause she know that niggas is savage, niggas is monsters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters
Niggas is pimps, niggas is players, 'til niggas have daughters

[070 Shake & Ty Dolla Sign:]
Don't you grow up in a hurry, your mom'll be worried, aw
It was all part of the story, even the scary nights
Thank you for all of the glory, you will be remembered, aw
Thank you to all of the heroes of the night (night, night)
They gotta repeat the colors, the lie is wearin' off
Reality is upon us, colors drippin' off
Colors drippin' off

[Nicki Minaj:]
I'm sayin' it like...
I want a daughter like Nicki, aww man, I promise
I'ma turn her to a monster, but no menagés
I don't know how you saying it, but let 'em hear this



All day, nigga

[Theophilus London:]
Dead, ayy, ayy ayy ayy

[Kanye West:]
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many runners do you got on call? All day, nigga
Swish, swish, how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
You already know I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

This Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter, and it’s just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
For that Jesus piece, man, I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei, nigga
Told him I've been on ten since the 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
Uh, they better watch what they say to me
Niggas still gettin' popped on the day to day
Though I still got the 100 with the small face, nigga
Might spend 50 racks on my off day, nigga
You a fake Denzel like the Allstate nigga
If you run into me, better have Allstate with you, uh
You a Rico Suave, nigga
Ride around listening to Sade, nigga
If you ain't with us, you in our way, nigga
You an actor, you should be on Broadway, nigga
Cause you do shit the broad way, nigga
Your bitch got an ass, but my broad way thicker
Late for the class, in the hallway, nigga
Yeah, the dropout at it as always, nigga, as always

All day, nigga

[Allan Kingdom:]
I took a deep sweet breath, and I reached into my head
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Kanye West:]
All day, nigga

How-h-how long you ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How long it take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how-how long you been high? All day, nigga
Pour some Hen out for my niggas that died, all day, nigga
And I keep a bad bitch on the passenger side, all day, nigga
You already know that I’m straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

I could do this all day, boy, I'm finna turn this bitch out
They need that Ye in the streets, boy, there's been a motherfucking drought
Don't really matter what I make, boy, you know I still go wild
Like a light skinned slave, boy, we in the mothafuckin' house
Right now, lookin' real sus right now
I swear I've been on this flight like a month right now
Stupid niggas gettin' money, Forrest Gump right now
Shout-out to Jackie Chan, I need to stunt right now
They've been lookin' at the Gram, I've been lookin' at the Grammys
Like, woo, that's us right now
24/7, 365 days, everybody gettin' paid
Niggas lookin' at me like I'm worth both MJs
People saying, "Ye, Ye, take it easy"
20 Gs for the Yeezy's off of eBay
Niggas do the most and they ain't done shit
Only way I can sum it up, son of a bitch

[Theophilius London:]
(Hands up, hands up)
Some want you dead, ayy, ayy ayy ayy

[Kanye West:]
All day, nigga

[Allan Kingdom:]
I took a deep sweet breath, and I reached into my head
Gave him what I had left
At that moment I dispersed
At that moment I dispersed

[Kanye West:]
Get low, alright
Get low, alright
What up? Alright, alright
Stay low, alright
Stay low, alright
South, south, south side, all day nigga

[Guitar Interlude: Paul McCartney]

[Outro:]
Well, well, well
Let me run
Let me run to see who came undone
You've been right in my face
Let me run 'til you're off my case
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa



[Lil Wayne]
Lights on, I see ya face
She eat me up, she got expensive taste
I see ya dreaming, but you still awake
Big slices, that's how you cut the cake
It's cold as hell, I show and tell
Weezy home, our nigga out of jail
In this give or take World I got what it takes
Put you out your misery, Kathy Bates
I'm Young Money, I'm cash money
If we could buy time, I spend my last money
Now I'm spending time, you in a blind
This little light of mine, I'ma let it shine

(All of the lights)

Bright lights, night lights, head lights
Shh, no lights but the infra-red lights
Yeah, long life, don't like to ask twice
You killin' me baby, this the past life

[Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here baby
extra bright, I want y'all to see this
turn up the lights in here, baby
you know what I need
want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

[Big Sean]
Ready, set, now, go go, go go go til you can't go no more
I'm ill times ill, dope plus dope
Westside bitch, quote, unquote
Woah there boy, don't go there hoe,
If you cross that line I might overload
I swear these lights-lights-lights be talking to me but I can't read Morse code
Why every rapper name BIG got body huh?
But every rapper named Sean got money, ooooooh
Well I guess my chances are fifty fifty
But my vision is twenty twenty so I'll be counting a hundred hundreds
(All of the lights)
Oh, my Allah, Lordy Lordy Lordy
I took your chick now you want beef
and I'm just chuckling like a porky cause you spend all day with her spooning
I spend all night with her forking
That's a one way ticket to hell and they want these bullets to book it for me
Man, I'm shittin' on every statistic that said I'll be dead or fucking broke
This is History, your kids, kids, kids, kids gon book report me but, what
And I think they wanna murder me
I'm shining hard cause bitch I'm at Emergency
B-I, GOOD G, I dooo it, boi

[Rihanna]
Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
want you to see all of the lights

[Alicia Keys]
Whoaa-oh-whoa
Whoaa-oh-whoa-oh

[Elton John]
I tried to tell you but all I could say is ohhhh

[Drake]
Bad decisions, good intentions
Man, I'm riding, Weezy with me
I just left out of the strip club
Made 5 thousand look like 50
I spend all my time in Houston smoke that Kush but I don't do Whitney
I don't do Britney, don't do Lindsay
I made 2 million since last Wednesday and I hate y'all
Ya'll got too much free time
Sayin' I ain't dropped shit
Everything'll be fine
Worrying 'bout your old girl,
Tryna see if she's mine
nigga she's with me, when she tells you she needs some "me" time
Its our time so fuck y'all
I really bout to go Spring break now, start taking shots in this muthafucker
And ya didn't really have all that ass, last month, girl you got some shots in that muthafucker
Yeah, we got the Roc in this muthafucker and you thought niggas was gonna pop in this muthafucker
Uh, Young Money, Power Respect in this bitch, you would think we got the Lox in this muthafucker
I made mistakes, I made some bread, I even made a way for them to get ahead
To my surprise, nobody replacing me
Take Care and Carter IV, it wont be long 'til they could see the lights
And I'm on one, I got one
You a pussy nigga, I'm not one
So call it a night, call it a night
And I run this, and y'all know that
I take the purple and pour that
All in a Sprite, all in a Sprite

[Kid Cudi]
Getting mine, baby
gotta let these niggas know, yeah
get it right, ay
you should go and get your own

[Outro]



I, you don't need, need to ever write
I read your last message at least a thousand times
At least a thousand, least a thousand times
Alright, alright, alright
Why did you ever listen to people tryna hate on you
At least you know there's nothing new

Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby, you're awesome
So awesome
You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you're ready for tonight
I'm gon' cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
I gotta move, I gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I gotta hope, I got a chance
Cause baby, you're awesome

You don't need to listen to your manager
You're way too hot for them to handle you
Baby, not for nothing, I know you're lookin' for somethin'
And I got it, why you frontin' on me?

Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right

You're so freakin' tight
I know you must be tired
Of running through my mind
Can I come inside?
Cause baby I'm awesome, also
I'm also awesome, also
I'm also awesome, y'all know

Cause I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new
Yeah, I'd rather do nothing with you
Than something with somebody new

Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby you're awesome
Don't let nobody bring you down
You're so awesome
You're so out the park
You're so after dark
You're so sleepless nights, oh you feel so right



Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy
Oh-oh, oh-ohhhh

Girl, change into that Victoria Secret thing that I like
Alright, okay, tonight you're havin' me your way
Perfume, spray it there, put our love in the air
Now put me right next to you, finna raise the temp' in the room
First rub my back like you do, right there (uh)
Right there (uh,) you touch me like you care
Now stop, and let me repay you for the week you've been through
Workin' that nine to five and bein' cute, like you do
Ooh, ooh, ooh

I love it, I love it
You love it, you love it
Every time, every time
We touchin', we touchin'
I want it, I want it
You want it, you want it
I'll see you, see you
In the mornin', in the mornin'

Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

I'm staring at you while you sleep, irreplaceable beauty
Put my face up in your neck and breathe (Oh, breathe)
Take you into my senses, wake up, it's time to finish
Round two, it's a round two
Matter of fact, it's closer to three
She like, "How long I been sleep?"
Shawty kisses turn into the sweetest dreams
Girl give it to me
And I can feel her turn weak
"My angel, this is wonderful"
Thanks for lettin' me bless ya
Come down, fly right
Drift back into heaven
Oh, oh, oh, woah

I love it, I love it
You love it, you love it
Every time, every time
We touchin', we touchin'
I want it, I want it
You want it, you want it
I'll see you, see you
In the mornin', in the mornin'

Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

Watch the sunlight peak over the horizon
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
The sun ain't the only thing that's shinin'
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Now I'ma send you out into the world with my love
Tell everybody, ayy, ayy
Everybody, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Tell everybody
Ayy, ayy, everybody, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ooooh

Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I'm gonna put you to bed, bed, bed, oh

Watch the sunlight peak over the horizon
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
The sun ain't the only thing that's shinin'
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Now I'ma send you out into the world with my love
Tell everybody, ayy, ayy
Everybody, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Tell everybody
Ayy, ayy, everybody, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ooh-ooh, ooh-oooh

Ooh-ooh
Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

Now watch the sunlight peak over the horizon
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
The sun ain't the only thing that's shinin'
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Now I'ma send you out into the world with my love
Tell everybody, ayy, ayy
Everybody, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy

Oh-oh, oh-oh
Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

I'ma put you to bed, bed, bed
I'ma put you to bed, bed, bed
I'ma put you to bed, bed, bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed

Oh-oh, oh-oh
Wanna put my fingers through your hair
Wrap me up in your legs
Then love you 'til your eyes roll back
I'm tryna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
I wanna put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Then I'ma rock ya body, turn you over
Love is war, I'm your soldier
Touchin' you like it's our first time
I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed
Girl I'ma put you to bed, to bed, to bed

Now watch the sunlight peak over the horizon
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
The sun ain't the only thing that's shinin'
Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh
Now I'ma send you out into the world with my love
Tell everybody, ayy, ayy
Everybody, ayyyyy

Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayyyyy



[Intro - Miley Cyrus:]
Welcome to your life
Diamond through the light
This Miami vice
It's that life okay, okay
Dodging bullets in the air when okay, okay
There's cameras everywhere and okay, okay
You don't know how to act right
Everybody wants to rule the world

[Verse 1 - Kanye West:]
For my theme song black
My leather black jeans on black
My by any means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom black
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman skrrt
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in black
Came to see me in my black skin black
Number one question they're asking straight up!
Fuck every question you asking black
If I don't get ran out by Catholics black
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreacting
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch

[Bridge - Miley Cyrus:]
Acting on your worst behavior
Turn your back on all your haters
Everybody wants to rule the
Everybody wants to rule the world straight up!
The world

[Refrain - Kanye West:]
But there's nowhere to go now
And there's no way to slow down
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass
Everybody
Everybody

[Chorus - Kanye West:]
Four in the morning, and I'm zoning
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby, we living in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted
And you know it, and you know it

[Verse 2 - Kanye West:]
Stop all that coon shit
Early morning cartoon shit
This is that goon shit
Fuck up your whole afternoon shit
I'm aware I'm a wolf
Soon as the moon hit
I'm aware I'm a king
Back out the tomb bitch
Black out the room, bitch
Stop all that coon shit
These niggas ain't doing shit
Them niggas ain't doing shit
Come on homie what happened
You niggas ain't breathing, you gasping
These niggas ain't ready for action, action
Ready, ready for action

[Chorus]

[Refrain - Kanye West:]
So follow me up cause this shit bout to go down
I'm doing 500, I'm outta control now
But there's nowhere to go now
And there's no way to slow down
If I knew what I knew in the past
I would've been blacked out on your ass

[Outro - Travis Scott:]
Everybody wanna move it
Get inside it, why they do it
Everybody, ride a little bit
Everybody, body do it
Do it
Do it



[Chorus]
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy, my chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah, yeah, my chain heavy, my chain heavy, my chain too heavy

[Kanye West - Verse 1]
They try to tell me my chain broke the levy,
Maybe cuz its flooded,
Why you walkin' round with a baby cross his cousin,
My teeth already white yall gone make me floss for nothing,
My teeth real diamonds what's the cause of the frontin',
While yall got all caps on?,
Don Cheadle Time,
Get extra black on em',
Burn Hollywood burn,
Take too long for niggas to get their turn,
Probably be cremated before I get my urn,
They try to tell me that aliens built the pyramids,
I swear life's a bitch on a period,
For every inch they cut the nose off the Sphinx,
I make my jeweler add a few more links,
You can look at me and dont fuck what nobody thinks,
And my face always lookin' like somebody stinks.

[Chorus]
My chain heavy, yeah yeah, my chain heavy, my chain heavy, my chain too heavy
My chain heavy, yeah yeah, my chain heavy, my chain heavy, my chain too heavy

Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on ya face
Here we go, like we should
Feel the sweat, on ya face
Alright, okay
Here we go, like we should, like we should, like we should

[Kanye West - Verse 2]
Question..
What color was the skin of the man who bared the cross?
No matter how many lashes they couldn't beat it off,
How many caskets will we see in one lifetime?
That's why its Miles Davis Kobe it's mic time,
I keep that gold book on a ottoman,
And wrote hooks about slaves that was slaughtered in the 1800?s,
Yall forget that I got called nigger on Twitter so many times,
yo I lived that,
Now I'm just trying to find where to raise my kids at,
Cuz they don't want niggas next to where they crib at,
Hey real Tom lookin' for a nice park,
Twelve noon she say my family gone make it too dark,
This is the flow that solar eclipses,
So hopefully one day that real soul will eclipse the bullshit, they got us listenin' to,
In this existence,
Don't give up now just a little more persistence,
I am the day Ice Cube met Michael Jackson,
Keep 'em away huh, something might happen,
This is the making of a masterpiece,
so we broke out the chains and told the Master Peace.

[Chorus]

[Talib Kweli]
Some wear a suit and tie, they dont wanna remain average
some wear a suit and tie like a chain in a straight jacket
my chain heavy stopping that traffic
coppers harrass us, the DA attack us want us in chains like BA Baracus
and a major factor in my decision to be a rapper was rebellion
being anti-establishment was attractive to a black kid from Brooklyn
flames got them things cooking, land of the jooks
where the lames got the chains tooken
it aint looking good for you if you a tourist
yeah sometimes our rhymes is on a frequency that only purists hear
a couple rappers try to beef with me, nobody scared
niggas was so fucking corny that nobody cared
why I gotta battle rappers, I debate scholars
Question: Do it gotta make sense if it make dollars?
sick visions is living inside our brains
its like sadomasochistic addicted to whips and chains
figuratively quite, literally, clinically insane spit flames when I vist the higher planes
try in vain to ignore, don't buy the chain if you can't afford it
'Ye them load of a-whores by the boards trust

[Consequence]
Uh, that old ball and chain had me chained up for weeks
of course I'm off the chain as soon as I hit the streets
and now when we leak she saying the games over
I drove her crazy and she became a chain smoker
now the new dude she saying that could stay over
should be a chain who goes by the name of choker
thats what he did when she told him he should play this over
so the chains on, throw em on the way over
but when I came over, his only response
well be the owner of a chain of restaurants
cause I'mma eat your food for that chain that I worn
cause you be running round like the chain makes the man
so it obvious that he don't know the chain of command
cause my chain commands, that kind of respect
and its so chunky that its a pain in the neck
but it came with a check, I remember on chaining day
it spoke for itself and this is what the chain would say
"them chain snatchers are hoping that you aint ready
so don't get distracted keep your aim steady
or there'll be a chain reactionsince my chains heavy"

[Chorus]



[Intro - Quavo:]
Lifestyle on camera
Hundred thousand dollar chandelier
They tried to turn me to an animal
But white people think I'm radical
Supermodels think I'm handsome
You might think I'm too aggressive
Really I think I'm too passive
Til I pull out the chopper, start blastin'

[Hook - Travis Scott:]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
Round and round they go

[Verse 1 - Kanye West:]
Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wasn't nothin', you could say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
And I'm fresh out of debt in this motherfucker!
And they still ain't ready yet for a motherfucker!
Yeezy might have to go and put his Louis on
I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store

[Verse 2 - Gucci Mane:]
Fresh out the pen in this motherfucker
And they still ain't ready yet for a motherfucker
Gucci Mane and I'm 'bout to put my Yeezys on
Now that Gucci's home, it's over for you Gucci clones

[Hook - Travis Scott:]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
Round and round they go
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
Round and round they go
Round and round they go

[Verse 3 - Big Sean:]
Look, I say a prayer for my enemies
They cannot slow down what's meant for me
Funny how they come around like I can't see through their secret identities
Lately it's all about Zen and me
Subtractin' the negative energy
With the family, turn your ass to a memory
I'm with the team of the century
I blow the check up, detonation
Kill 'em one by one, Final Destination
Time my destination
I got guardian angels all around a nigga, that's deflectin' Satan
I'm a motherfucking champion
This right here the fuckin' anthem
I can't dap you without hand san'
I don't know where your dirty ass hands been
I wake up to like a hundred texts
Championship team, but we can't cut the net
She all off in my jersey lookin' underdressed
I'm finna buy this bitch a Honda CRX
With 1500...

[Hook - Travis Scott + Desiigner:]
1500, all in singles (straight up!)
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
Round and round they go, round and round they go
Round and round they go
Ridin', be slimin' and ride with the woes
That nigga die in a hole

[Interlude - Quavo:]
Lifestyle on camera
Hundred thousand dollar chandelier
They tried to turn me to an animal
But white people think I'm radical
Supermodels think I'm handsome
You might think I'm too aggressive
Really I think I'm too passive
Til I pull out the chopper, start blastin'

[Verse 4 - 2 Chainz:]
I took a nap in the pulpit
I never like how a suit fit
I got a pocket full of money
It got me walkin' all slew-foot
I'm on my wave like a cruise ship
In that hoe's mouth like a toothpick
Anyone get in my way
Nothin' to say, I tote them choppers like pool sticks
I wear pajamas to Ruth's Chris
Couldn't walk a mile in my new kicks
I come and find your apartments
We never had our damn pool fixed
Walk in the mall with my new bitch
Tell that bitch get the whole rack
My new bitch gon' pull me a new bitch
Then pull me a new bitch
See that is a snowball effect
I got gold on my neck
Lookin' like a Super Bowl on my neck
I got a mansion full of marble floors
It look like I could go bowl in this bitch
Versace logo on bowls in this bitch
Like I'm a serial killer
I put the real in gorilla
I did this shit for my niggas

[Hook - Travis Scott (Desiigner):]
1500, all in singles {straight up!}
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
(Round and round they go, round and round they go)
Round and round they go
(Ridin', be slimin' and ride with the woes
That nigga die in a hole)
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
Round and round they go
(Round and round they go, round and round they go)
Round and round they go
(Ridin', be slimin' and ride with the woes
That nigga die in a hole)

[Verse 5 - Yo Gotti:]
I'm Yo Gotti!
Reach for my chain is suicide
The car I drive fit two inside
They mad at Ye cause he all in the neighborhood
But he let them goons inside
Let's fuck up the neighborhood
Let's fuck up the neighborhood
Buy every house in this bitch
You know that the money good
My racks in the kitchen go round and round
Play with the kid, I'm a gun you down
The roof on that Wraith in the lost and found
Official trapper let me show it down
More shit than a Pamper
All we rock is bandanas
Whips on nasty, no manners
I just got head in a Phantom

[Verse 6 - Gucci Mane:]
She say she don't want a chump, baby want a champ
She say money make her cum, Gucci make her damp
1017's the Squad, Gucci Mane's the stamp
And he don't ever sleep, he's a fuckin' vamp
I heard your bitch ride on the bus, you don't give a damn
My bitch drive a Lamb', you should call her ma'am
I love my Auntie Jean, but fuck Uncle Sam
I'm a walkin' money machine, check my Instagram
Never test the kid so I don't have to clown
My city treat me like a king, I should wear a crown
And I don't really fuck around
I gave my bitch two mil' cause she stuck around

[Hook - Travis Scott (Desiigner):]
1500, all in singles {straight up!}
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
(Round and round they go, round and round they go)
Round and round they go
(Ridin', be slimin' and ride with the woes
That nigga die in a hole)
Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
Round and round they go
(Round and round they go, round and round they go)
Round and round they go
(Ridin', be slimin' and ride with the woes
That nigga die in a hole)



[John Legend - Chorus:]
I got the World in my hands, the master plan
but I don’t know why I keep calling
why I keep all of these girls at my shows
they loving me but I don’t know why
I keep calling
why I keep calling you

All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now

[Kanye West:]
I’m in my Christian Dior with a Veronica Webb
Noemie Lenoir, Chanel, Sessilee Lopez
Arlenis Sosa, Selita Ebanks
If you work with my people, speak that Jourdan Dunn language
Make a phone call, out to Joan Smalls
I wonder how it feel to Lara Stone’s walls
Jessica Gomes, yall, I would damage her
And see if Jessica Stam got the stamina
I’m in the car with Leo and the Benz swerve
I heard Bar was friends with Esti Ginzburg
Coco Rocha, Kate Mimosa
Alessandra Ambrosia, Anja Rubik,
get Olga Kurylenko, tell her I’m very single
Abbey Lee, too I’m a freak boo
I’m wylin I’m on a thousand
I wanna see Irina Shayk next to Doutzen.

[Chorus:]
I got the World in my hands, the master plan
but I don’t know why I keep calling
why I keep all of these girls at my shows
they loving me but I don’t know why
I keep calling
why I keep calling you

[Kanye West:]
Christian Dior denim flow
I told her I’m tryna eat out so what we going for dinner for

[Pusha T:]
Miami nights on the search for some T and A
tryna hide what’s obvious to see in me
we conversate a bit about your DNA
and my salmon coloured suits from the VMA’s
oh you was watching, who the fuck wasn’t
me skip across that stage in 5 dozen
yeah 6 grand for a minutes time
italian vogue styled a nigga for a minute rhyme
lets be clear and lets be fair
the best things in music’s being offered here
its a round table full of bosses here
still giving you it all like the coffins near

[Chorus x2]

[Ryan Leslie:]
It’s time for a lesson in model behaviour
damn, look at all the bad bitches I gave you
man I can see the flaws to your flavour
look like wonder woman and still need a saviour
maybe its a billionaire maybe its that cocaine
I done seen drugs and money run the whole game
a good girl lost in the city life
Agent Provocateur holding titties right
I’m haute couture of hoes galore
give my girl a newport ’cause she’s smoking yours
I’m the authority of model seniority
they call me Les but they all need more of me.

[Lloyd Banks:]
Handcrafted material, champagne for cereal
Shorty stole my heart, criminal, my lucky charm
Fly clothes and Lear shows, type kind of stuff we on
Stuff all my problems in that bong and I’m puffin’ strong
I been locked in my way of thinking, now my cuffs are gone
Must’ve been the liquor talkin’, I’m beggin’ the cups, “C’mon”
Might come off as irregular, I come in custom form
T-G-I-F, GT breeze, my hustler’s poem
My sound’s full-grown, reminds me of my favorite chronic (Kush)
Ball like a SuperSonic, make the haters vomit (Uh)
Nigga, make some money ‘fore you make a comment
I meant to snap a while ago, but who knows where the time went?
Probably dime chicks, whips with a Diddy
Now I’m back like a nine milli, runnin’ New York City
See me clearly through the storm
The world’s mine, sits pretty in my palm
Sean Don as we continue on

[Chorus]

[Kid Cudi:]
Niggas think they know I’m the guy with the story
they dont really know what’s in my head, fuckin’ with me
How can I be better?
I could start with just the basics
Dior, Dior, galore, I love the cut
I seem to have forgotten that I’m off the nini
to the people who dont know Cud’, know what?
rose gold presidential on my boney wrist
took my ma to Chanel, had her LC the stunner
she got haters, some in the fam made us
but they don’t really matter, we escaping with our paper
“Hey ya”, I’m on my Andre 3000
I’m all good now, a nigga don’t need no counseling
woke up in the room and my mojo was active
looks from the hoes that were more than likely passive
back when let me not reflect on the old shit
I’m on to the new act, on to my new script
Bitches better have they thoughts before approaching
I done heard it all, baby, save it for them other niggas
do things all before living, haters, copy, I’m the image
haters, copy, I’m the image



[Teyana Taylor - Chorus]
Christmas in Harlem
right after autumn falls
soaking it all in
then we go hit the mall
even though we ain't balling
feels like we bought it all
the mistletoe's right here
come give a kiss to Santa Claus

[Kanye West - Verse 1]
Merry Christmas to all, and all a good night
huh, now we all living the good life
yeah, though it's forty below the wind chill
and we wiping snow up off the windshield
it's still, wonderful night to be alive, baby
and I'm, so happy I'm with my baby
and we a lil late with the Christmas gifts
rushing for the mall, don't trip, you know I drive crazy
the streets lit up, it feel like Christmas officially
told her that "You the star at the top of my Christmas tree"
my only question is, "Where my presents?"
she said, "Shhh," she got a gift for me that ain't for the kids to see
well, I like the way you think, mami
now pour some more eggnog in you drink, mami
got a surprise for you that ain't on your Christmas list-es
gave her the hot chocolate, she said "It's D-ricious"

[Teyana Taylor - Chorus]
Christmas in Harlem
right after autumn falls
soaking it all in
then we go hit the mall (I'm like Bad Santa, though)
even though we ain't balling (You might have to sit on my lap)
feels like we bought it all (Ho, ho, ho)
the mistletoe's right here
come give a kiss to Santa Claus

[Cyhi the Prince]
First, I wanted to say Merry Christmas to y'all
for Santa Claus, so bake a turkey, burn a few logs
I be there soon, on my sled, me and Rudolph
thugs think I'm a Blood 'cause I won't take this red suit off
ha, I swear I got the freshest wardrobe
I let my beard grow 'cause it's cold in the North Pole
her voice slow 'cause "I always got a sore throat"
okay, stop it, no more jokes
you never see me 'cause I shop when the stores close
and my sleigh go faster than the Porsche go
ha, I got nine reindeers
that's Dancer, that's Prancer on the fourth flo'
that's Comet, that's Cupid, that's Vixen
that's Donner, that's Dasher, that's Blitzen
happy kwanzaa, and for the ones that aren't Christian
everybody gets gifts as long as I'm living
so look forward to having

[Teyana Taylor - Chorus]
Christmas in Harlem
right after autumn falls
soaking it all in
then we go hit the mall
even though we ain't balling
feels like we bought it all
the mistletoe's right here
come give a kiss to Santa Claus

All the flashing lights up on a tree
the house lit up nice
with your family's where you wanna be
here on Christmas night
when you wake up and you see the gifts
don't that make you feel good?
so since we all snowed in in Harlem
let's have Christmas in the hoo-hood

All of the flashing lights
yeah, when they shine so bright
always for you and me
baby, you're Christmas Eve
if you like what you see me
won't you come sit on my knee?
tell me everything that you want
cause, baby, I'm your Santa Claus

Christmas in Harlem
right after autumn falls
soaking it all in
then we go hit the mall
even though we ain't balling
feels like we bought it all
the mistletoe's right here
come give a kiss to Santa Claus

[Kanye West]
I peeped it, you know what?
need some reindeer for this one
I wanna hear sleigh bells on this one
got a new suit on this one
the newborn look too cute for this one
yeah, the new winter coat for this one
yeah, gotta let it snow on this one
huh, all the Christmas cheer for this one
the whole family up in here on this one
Yeah

[Teyana Taylor - Chorus]
Christmas in Harlem
Right after autumn falls
Soaking it all in
Then we gon' hit the mall
Even though we ain't balling
Feels like we bought it all
The mistletoe's right here
Come give a kiss to Santa Claus
(Au, au, au, au, au...)



[Mos Def]
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial

[Lupe Fiasco]
Head to the sky, wings raised in
Shes about to fly and take her place in
Out there in the stars, when she leaves the ground
She'll see a broken heart, if she turns around
But ain't no going back, this is how it must be
He told her, she'll be burned alive
She just told him trust me
If funerals are beautiful, this ugly
Knowing she told her you'll leave me if you loved me
And he knows that, because he knows her
Hard to hide his feeling's as it engulfs her
Now she's a bright blaze, light rays
A shooting out Phoenix on fire buring up the night scape
So lets hear it for our heroine, applaud as our spirits fly into the never end
One closed chapter, it opens up another part
So this is more like, the end, question mark (question mark, question mark)

[Mos Def]
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial

[Kanye West]
Don't let me hold you back
I only hold you back
We on a dead-end street, this block has got a cul-de-sac
So fly baby, my baby, so high, sometimes its so hard to say bye
We made it from the alley straight up to ballet
We pulled up to the valet, we'll teach our daughter ballet
We'll raise us a Beyonce, maybe she'll be a Halle
You woulda been the best mom
I would have been the best 'Ye
You see it all in my veins, like varicose
I know thats very gross but we getting very close
To our end, though I killed most with a pen
Soon as this flow end, I'ma let Mos begin

[Mos Def]
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial

Don't look down, its an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial

How could you do it
How could you do it

[Big Sean]
Okay now baby here we go, we go
No baby, me go
You got my heart
Baby this what it be for
I give it all as far as my feet go
What do you mean, me go
Why can't it be, we go
What happens when people turn to tears
Dreams turn to memories
And weeks turn to years
Huh? standing in the same spot for a couple of weeks
Give me my feelings back, wish it came with a couple reciepts
Man, our vacation was coming next week
Girl I swear you was a trip, lets make it a couples retreat (do it)
How cud my girl do this to me
Woke up sayin no, the World did this to me
Now I'm testing one two
Reportin live from the rubble
Drinking all I can so I can turn to fire when I hug you
One, two, three, four, five models on the double
Give me head all at once look like they line in a huddle
But its not even half the feeling as hearing you shine
She know I love ya, shedding tears everyday
And I'm tired of lying in these puddles
I ask "Y" sometimes like a fucking vowel
But hitting tree's everyday like a fucking owl
Trying to get high enough to cut the clouds
Caught the Phoenix Sun to Nash it out, I mean ash it out.
So I could see you smile
I-I know you can see me now

[Mos Def]
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Fly like an eagle, whatever you do
Don't look down, its an impossible view
Spread your wings, aerial



[Pharrell:]
Explain yourself, how you sound like me?
the muthafucking skateboard P
knowing that your mee lo
playing games like you’re cee-lo
in a tight situation like speedo’s
you can have it your way like Carlito
my nigga will be happy to give you torpedos
and have you car twisted like a blunt
for you faggot ass niggas that like to front
I’m on some BBC bape shit
I'm on some cake shit
in the kitchen with the heat making beats in my apron
you hating and you want to erase it
close your eyes when you know you can’t take it
my flow interrupts your homeostasis
I Rolls Royce it on a regular basis
you talk street shit it sound like sweet shit
straight liquorice you niggas sound ticklish
80k large for the Hermes dream
coke n crop in all your magazines
hunger strike yourself, look like Celine
Dion, me and my niggas like freon
you bitches on my pecan
she got an ass you can eat on
try to play tough like the leather on a Vuiton
I hit it til I could seat on
try to get her freak on
ask me to R Kelly ya and get pee’d on
I said it ain't me maam
that 8 behind me still got the burner
yes the enzo is stilll black like Sojourner
truth, I mighta just loosened a tooth
spittin’ what I did in the booth
I’m out, pooof!

[Lupe Fiasco:]
Carrera, raised in a teenage mutant ninja turtle era
wanna bear n tell the truth, I dare ya
ya lie, so eat these whole bottle of these jalapeno peppers
for terror made in america too live
fuck the property or give me my props properly
high off life this high technology, DeVry
I rep Muhammad Ali more like rapology
my policy’s not to be dishonestly deprived
so gimme that, gimme that, keep going
where my city at, I’m like steak and fries but never die
they wanna Ghostface wanna be me
but they will post haste follow me into the after life
that means you going right after I’ve
but I’m the hero sort of like Jack Sparrow
so someway somehow I have survived
ha ha surprised
who is he that we see coming over the tides
in a speed boat, boat load of pride
Fall of Rome, dress shirted and mastermind tie
he what happens when rappping and happen the fashion collide
so OMG is the "C" from the C-R-S LOL’ing at you haters
tell your BFF’s like

[Kanye West:]
Yes, Mr West turn that new child rebel
loud as a badass child level
who need a chorus we through with a tyrannosaurus
tyrone it’s been a year with no phone
could you explain how high is your zone
we’ll take the plane rub his nose in cocaine
there’s hoes in magazines you lame sayin you lame
and for the hate in advance, pull down your pants
make ‘em kiss both cheeks like we living in France
Diamonds blue, business manager’s Jewish
and if I get sued my lawyers Jews
some girls do, grab the cojones
say you got enough diamonds to at least Sierra Loan-us
brand new ferrari’s I gotta make the donuts
C-R-S is like a hip hop Christmas bonus
niggas is hating on the internet I couldn’t tell
I was too busy rapping GOOD as hell
I was too busy flying, parasail!
tell collect to get the new shit that Paris sell
Tarantino, Da Vinci, gettin’ Benji’s, get half off Fendi
half of that’s to Cindy’s
hoped out the spaceship on my Mork and Mindy
popped too many corks to let you dork’s offend me
props in New York but Chi town’s the city
get my city hoochie’s Gucci, Monica Bellucci’s
are those the real millionnaires or the bendi’s?
I’m so ultra I’m even over Oprah
but let me check your account, haha no sir

Don’t stop, don't stop...



[Chorus]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Kanye West - Verse 1]
I sold my soul to the devil that's a crappy deal
Least it came with a few toys like a happy meal
This game you could never win
Cause they love you then they hate you then they love you again
Get away from me misery
Get away from me loneliness
Get away from me fake bitches, I can’t take the phoniness
Get away from me wack tracks
I can only make only hits
I’m an only child lost in the World
Where did the lonely kids go when the bell ring
its Feeling like hell rings
Bringing me back down
Checking my background
Its ironic whats happening
Imagine if I didn’t have the ends
I wouldn't have so many imaginary friends
I’m spaced out Dog, I be on that Moon talk
Wonder if God ask Mike how to moon walk
I swear to momma wish me and my father talk more
I stopped visiting around the time I was a sophomore
I guess everything I hate about me I see in him
And we ain’t finna change, so we’ll never agree again
till then I’ll be pouring out my soul
Just a few things I see with my eyes closed

[Chorus]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground

[Kanye West - Verse 2]
I sold my soul to the devil,
I know its a crappy deal,
at least it came with a few toys,
like a Happy Meal,
I’m spaced out dog,
I be on that moontalk,
I wonder if God asked Mike how to Moonwalk?
You know the entertainment Angels
Adriana for Giselle,
lets exchange Angels
photoshoot at my crib,
lets exchange angles
rockin nothin but them Tom Benz bangles,
I’m so anxious I’m gettin anxiety
begging one of these fuckin fashion houses to hire me,
they say I’ve been an asshole,
I said if you acquire me,
I can be a quiet me, call it verbal dieting
give me your herbal chai tea
I’ll be calm as Tai Chi
with a bad white bitch like Ice-T
I’m not right dog, I’m slightly off,
I’m Paranoid Like bonin’ Raw dog
and wakin up with a slight cough
yea, that’ll make ya dick quite soft
plus my neck hurt too lemme take all this ice off
never meant to hurt you, I should’ve had nights off
but it cost too much to live and I never took the price off

[Chorus]
And I can see it with my eyes closed, now
feeling like my life froze
I’m about to hit the ground



[Kanye West (Quavo):]
Why all bad bitches keep they phone face-down?
Bad girls always keep they phone face-down
I love you when you face-down (ayy, ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Quavo:]
Quavo
Face-down the only time you come around (yeah, face-down)
Face-down the only time you come around (yeah, face-down)
Young nigga came from that Bobby Brown (Whitney)
(Metro Boomin want some more, nigga)
All my money came out that mud or ground (yeah)
They can't be real (no), or I can't be real (no)
But I like how I feel (I do), I like how I feel (I love it)
I gave her a deal (ayy), I gave her a pill (ayy)
Now she worth a mil' (yeah), now she worth a mil' (million)
Ice all on me (ayy), these racks all on me (yeah)
You can walk all on me (uh), you can skate all on me (yeah)
Niggas ain't homies (woah), but you can wait on it (grah)
You can wait on it (woah), I bet I'ma eat my opponent (argh)
I'ma need some manners (ayy), I'ma need some more cameras (flash)
I'm too hot to handle (ah), blow money like candles (phew)
Riding on camels (yeah), in Dubai riding camels (oh)
Wanna buy me a camel (oh), but I want and bought panorama (ay)
Yeah-yeah, higher than fighter jets (high)
Face-down now she soaking wet (face-down)
Yeah, I really wanna ride with her (ride)
But the pussy got mileage (mileage)
Yeah, I'm dabbing and styling (styling)
I wanna hold her up for hostage (hostage)
But she end up outsmarting me 'cause she did four years in college (damn)
Ayy, ayy, yeah, she did four years in college (damn)
Yeah-yeah, I'ma gon' give her this molly (damn)
Yeah, I was gonna give her this molly (damn)
Yeah-yeah, have her face-down on a island (yeah)

[Kanye West (Quavo):]
Why all bad bitches keep they phone face-down?
Bad girls always keep they phone face-down
I love you when you face-down (ayy, ayy, yeah, yeah, yeah)

[Lil Yachty:]
I'll never trip over you (no), it's more fish in the sea (yeah)
Soon, I promise you'll see, yea, you the one who need me (uh-huh)
I can't convince you if you ain't gon' listen
I ain't going on no damn-damn mission (oh)
Flipped your phone, you had phone calls missing
Who the fuck is this nigga named Tristan?
These bitches are so stupid, all your life, have you been a groupie?
No morals, there's no sorrow, you must like peasants
You coulda been with the pharaoh, oh, oh-no, oh-no, oh



[Nina Simone:]
Man I can understand how it might be
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know

[Kanye West (Young Thug):]
For my southside niggas that know me best
I feel like Taylor Swift still owe me sex
Why, I made that bitch famous (Swea)
I made that bitch famous (I made her famous)
For my Chitown niggas that know me best
I feel like Amber Rose still owe me sex (Chiraq)
Why? I made that bitch famous
Not really, but somewhat famous (err, kinda)
All I do is get tattoos and read French Vague
Every bitch in the spot wanna drink my Ragu

[Young Thug:]
Who am I remind you? (What?)
But tell me, who am I to remind you? (Who am I?)
And did you know that the country, Switzerland
It was famous for lakes?
And I think I got my ring from there 'cause it's icy like skates
Nigga, icy like hockey
Cold like a dead body, yeah

[Nina Simone & Young Thug:]
I just wanted you to know
I've loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start (Oh yeah)
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know

[Kanye West & Young Thug:]
Nike slave, fit in your place
Don't come out your face
Don't come out your mouth
Don't come out your house
Don't come out the blah
It came out the North, it came out the South
The tally is down
Bumpin' the...
The hate is anony...
The copacabana...
It made me...
Someone told me...
The world turnin' Black slowly
Where you can call niggas "niggas"
But you better not mention Hitler
So tell me who run the label, where the guns from? Us
Tell me now, where we get the guns from? Us
Tell me now, where we get the guns from? Us
US!

[Nina Simone & Young Thug:]
I just wanted you to know
I've loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
Free like a bird
I just wanted you to know
Know what I'm sayin'?

[Young Thug:]
One more time for the Chi-Town
One more time for the A-Town
I bet that money come around if you stay down
I swear, I just came from Europe, my money colored like a clown
Nigga play with keys, Swizz Beatz
Nigga only fuck unique freaks
Still Michael Jackson after all these leaks (what?)
Yeah bitch you're still Dirty Diana to me (woo!)
Pop a hundred bottles, I'm the shot caller (ballin'!)
Came up out a hot boy, fuck a baller blocker
Bitches makin' lots of noise like Griselda Blanco
You hit it first and bought a purse and she moved off your blocka (fool!)
Lick the molly off my hand
Smokin' loud, ambulance
And I was high as hell, I need to come down
Somebody call Tar, I need a Xan
Eat that pussy like a jelly bean
My [?] is bigger than a jelly bean
Got a mink on like I'm Hakeem
Got fish filet but we don't fry these
Gold card with a Trojan
Rub the bitch with the lotion
Bitch I'm ballin' like Kobe
Bitch I'm ballin' like LeBron
No, no, we don't broadcast
Pussy nigga gotta show
Monkey nigga actin' like they don't know me
But a lot of monkey niggas owe me

[Nina Simone & Young Thug:]
I just wanted you to know
I've loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know



[Intro - Rihanna & Kanye West:]
Man I can understand how it might be
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know
Swizz told me let the beat rock

[Verse 1 - Kanye West & Swizz Beatz:]
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous, God damn
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see em in the streets give em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous, God damn
They mad they're still nameless, Talk that talk, man
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous, God damn
Yeah we still hood famous

[Chorus - Rihanna:]
I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
Maybach Music
I just wanted you to know

[Verse 2 - Rick Ross:]
The furnace, fires, fortunes, and the fumes
The aura arrogance is been known to fill the room
Boom, little nigga who are you?
Roc-A-Fella Records on record to kill a crew
Vegas in my palms a don like the
Only one with beat taste from Kanye on my momma stew
For the ye I've been known to be Karmaloop
Malcom X in his head say my name and here come to troops
Hands out my pocket I cock it and let it loose
And Dame was spilling I'm Adele on a nigga boots
Martin Luther King's real estate was a dream
Farrakhan's farm was one that I once seen
The final call dogs stay on your dean
Fragrances Agent Provocateur stay on my queen
Mind your business the killers can intervene
I'm half naked in the GQ magazine
Tours looking like its wrestlemania
I'm The Rock setting fires to the stadium
Burn it down then I'm off to anther beat
Might get engages to a freak just for a couple weeks
Something I can't afford
If you not a playboy that's something I can't endorse
Win, lose, or draw William living like he Biggie Smalls
Balling its tax season I was born to be a boss
See that your face froze
Bobby Brown lockjaw, Whitney Houston in the ghost
Coogie and Cartier causalities of the fame
Your bitch MCM she even tagging my name

[Bridge - Sister Nancy & Swizz Beatz:]
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Ey what a bam bam
How you feeling right now? Let me see your lighters in the air
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Bam bam eh
Bam bam, bam bam
Let me see your middle finger in the air
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Let me see you act up in this motherfucker
Ey what a bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
How you feeling, how you feeling, how you feeling in this mother fucker, God damn
Bam bam
One thing you can't do is stop us now
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
You can't stop the thing now
Ey what a bam bam
Man it's way too late, it's way too late, it's way too late you can't fuck with us
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
To the left, to the right
Bam bam dilla, bam bam
I wanna see everybody hands in the air like this
Ey what a bam bam
Bam bam, bam bam
Bam bam dilla, bam bam

[Outro - Nina Simone:]
I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did
From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know



[Raheem Devaughn]
Turn up ya radio now I suggest
It's the remix and we the best
Raheem DeVaughn and Kanye West

Man, hold your head high 
Cause it's the test
And what don't kill you
Make you stronger, my brotha
So when you feelin' down, my brotha
And getta mournin' the lost of your mother
Heaven's got a brand-new angel shining down like bright lights...

(Flashing lights, lights)
B.C.I. to Chi Town
(Flashing lights, lights)
See my name like the Hollywood sign
(Flashing lights, lights)
And you can hate it, but I'm still gon shine
(Flashing lights, lights)
I'm still gon shine
(Flashing lights, lights)
Yeah, I'm still gon shine
Yeah, still gon shine

[Raheem Devaughn]
My name's been spreadin' lik a rumor
In the hood, I'm buzzin' like a tumor
G-Girl, you ain't gettin' no paper
I know that you're a star-chaser.

You hooked, You want, You love the...
(Flashing lights, lights)
Maybe it's the way I entertain
Maybe it's the way I shine like...
(Flashing lights, lights)
But you thrist, you crave, you yearn the
flashing light

And now you drunk 
Cause you can't hold yo liquor
Talkin' bout you came in the club wit yo n*&&a
Askin' can you leave wit me, Go figure!
But I would rather leave wit Alicia Keys

Southern paparizzi, NO...
(Flashing lights, lights)
No pictures, No videos
That be a good look scenrio
(Flashing lights, lights)
They caught me on the red carpet though

[Raheem Devaughn]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? (Flashing lights, lights)
What do I know? (Flashing lights, lights)

[Kanye West]
I know it's been a while, sweetheart
We hard-ly talk, I was doing my thing
I know I was foul bay-bay,
A-bay-bay, late-ly you been all on my brain

And if somebody would've told me a month ago
Fronting though, yo I wouldn't wanna know
If somebody would've told me a year ago
It'd go, get this difficult

Feeling like Katrina with no FEMA
Like Martin with no Gina
Like a flight with no visa
First class with the seat back, I still see ya
In my past, you on the other side of the glass
Of my memory's museum,
I'm just saying, Hey Mona Lisa,
Come home you know you can't Rome without Caesar

[Raheem Devaughn]
As I recall, I know you love to show off
But I never thought that you would take it this far
What do I know? (Flashing lights, lights)
What do I know? (Flashing lights, lights)

As you recall, you know I love to show off
But you never thought that I would take it this far
What do you know? (Flashing lights, lights)
What do you know? (Flashing lights, lights)

I'm in the speakers shinin' like...
I'm on stage shinin' like...
I'm in the club shinin' like...
I'm in the hood shinin' like... 
(Flashing lights, lights)

So put your shades on right
(Flashing lights, lights)
Cause I'm shinin' bright, like flashing...
(Lights, lights, lights, lights, lights, lights, lights...fading)
LIGHTS!
I'm shinin'...Ohhh, Ohhh...
[Fade out]



[Kanye West:]
Let me get my theme music! [x4]

[T-Pain:]
Baby, just forget everything that you know
Let's take it all the way back to hello
They say you're living like you died before
I got a place that only I can go
Oooh let me take you to flight school
We'll learn to fly
Oooh let me take you to flight school
Above all the lights
Hey
You've never been so high kiss the ground goodbye
and you say damn baby how did you get that fly
Flight School

[Kanye West:]
I got my superman power, my superman cape
These the last hours but superman late
Clock is ticking, damn, can you wait
Man will he come back and save the day
Fly across the earth put things in reverse
I wish this life was a movie I could just rehearse
Certain things I can't doctor and you say I'm the worst
I ain't have enough patience but I needed a nurse
That'll come by my bed late, see if my head ache
Then get my head straight then give me head great
Every time I popped up like the VCR
I took your breath away then we performed CPR
With all the cars the clothes, the lights, the boats
I guess I was just trying to sow my raw oats
In the penthouse position with penthouse b*tches
See I pimped my crib so I must exhibit
Sh!t these last years been a haze like Isaac
So I close my eyes tighter than asian eyes
Get realize I got the same wings angels fly with
Louis Vuitton feathers now that's some fly sh*t

[T-Pain:]
Baby
Just forget everything that you know
Let's take it all the way back to hello
They say you're living like you died before
I got a place that only I can go
Oooh let me take you to flight school
We'll learn to fly
Oooh let me take you to flight school
Above all the lights
Hey
You've never been so high kiss the ground goodbye
And you say damn baby how did you get that fly
Flight School



[Verse 1 - Rihanna:]
I think I've had enough
I might get a little drunk
I say what's on my mind
I might do a little time
Cause all of my kindness
Is taken for weakness

[Hook - Rihanna:]
Now I'm FourFiveSeconds from wildin'
And we got three more days 'til Friday
I'm just tryna make it back home by Monday mornin'
I swear I wish somebody would tell me
Ooh, that's all I want

[Verse 2 - Kanye West:]
Woke up an optimist
Sun was shinin', I'm positive
Then I heard you was talkin' trash
Hold me back, I'm 'bout to spaz

[Hook - Rihanna and Kanye West:]
Now I'm FourFiveSeconds from wildin'
And we got three more days 'til Friday
I'm just tryna make it back home by Monday mornin'
I swear I wish somebody would tell me
Ooh, that's all I want

[Bridge - Rihanna:]
And I know that you're up tonight
Thinkin', "how could I be so selfish?"
But you called 'bout a thousand times
Wondering where I've been
Now I know that you're up tonight
Thinkin' "how could I be so reckless?"
But I just can't apologize
I hope you can understand

[Verse 3 - Kanye West:]
If I go to jail tonight
Promise you'll pay my bail
See they want to buy my pride
But that just ain't up for sale
See all of my kindness
Is taken for weakness

[Hook x2 - Rihanna and Kanye West:]
Now I'm FourFiveSeconds from wildin'
And we got three more days 'til Friday
I'm just tryna make it back home by Monday mornin'
I swear I wish somebody would tell me
Ooh, that's all I want



[Kanye West:]
Party people in the place to be
You are now in the midst of a real MC
Throw your hands in the air if you real as me
Oooooooooooh

[Kid Cudi:]
Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

[Kanye West:]
Such an easy mornin', we on a ride
And I'm feelin' smooth as the way the Benz drive
Turn the radio down if they playin' that bullshit
They don't want black people to think at trial
He think he live

[Common:]
He think he live, he think he cold
He think I'm high, I'm in thinker mode
Eyes low'd, I let the skies hold the thoughts
The streets are like the high road that I go across

[Kanye West:]
I mean, my whole team 'bout to smash the streets
The Phillip Lim remind them that it's Fashion Week
And the weather wasn't barely hot
Did I mention that the sweater was a Jeremy Scott?
Did I mention G.O.O.D. Music, yeah, forever we hot
Motherfucker, are you ready or not?

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

(This goes out to the hardcore hip-hop)
(Can't stop! Yooou can't stop!)
(This goes out to the allcore hip-hop)
(Can't stop! Yooou can't stop!)

[Pusha T:]
As 'Ye flips the piano
The mood swings like the change of a channel
He's heating up like they wrapped him in flannel
Sellin' kilos through your iPod nano
Cocaine vandal, I induct scandal
Money drive you crazy, look at Marbury's handle
Vaseline face, reminiscent of my tires
Ice cream paint job, somethin' like Breyers
Euro tank top, Dior inspired
Sell it to you hard, no assembly required
(Eyuck!) I'm 2012 in 2010
Which makes this a time machine, not just any Benz
Floss for the members of the gang with 28
While haters wish death 'pon me, that's many men
Yeah, and if you slaim you on your paper route
Stop talkin', motherfucker, pull your paper out

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

[Big Sean:]
Now tell me, do it feel good? Well, all right
Don't worry, we gon' be here all night
And you know a nigga rep that Westside (Westside!)
Westside, Westside!
So te-te-tell who the freshest of 'em all?
They claimin' that they fresh, they ain't fresher than my balls
A nigga seen the fresh like I'm headed to the fall
MC hunting season, putting heads up on the wall
I sneak peeked ahead while we headed to the loft
Man, I always thought with the head inside my drawers
I guess that's why in school, my grades went from As to Bs to Cs
All over double Ds, I be absent all week
This is for my niggas, all the ones I ride for
Man, that's the fam, we let 'em in through the side door
Hold on: That's the girl you gave a wedding ring?
Man, me and my niggas nutted on her everything

[Charlie Wilson:]
And let me hear you say ahhhh
Va-va-va-va-va-va
Va-va-va-va-va-va

Let me hear you say ahhhh
Va-va-va-va-va-va
Va-va-va-va-va-va

[Kanye West:]
Ay, we promised

Now put your hands up to the sky
Until the day in that we die
And we'll be here all evenin'
G.O.O.D. Fridays, I hope you have a nice weekend

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

Are you?
Ready to go?
I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready

I know the city gettin' ready for me
I know the city gettin' ready



Last Night I Saw You In My Dreams, Now I Can't Wait To Go To Sleep.
Last Night I Saw You In My Dreams, Now I Can't Wait To Go To Sleep.
My M-m-m-m Mama

I Wanna Scream So Loud For You, Cuz I’m So Proud Of You An A
Let Me Tell You What I’m About To Do
Mama, You Know I Act A Fool But, I Promise You I’m Goin Back To School An
I Appreciate What You Allowed For Me, An A

I Was Three Years Old, When You And I Moved To The Chi
Late December, Harsh Winter Gave Me A Cold
You Fixed Me Up Something That Was Good For My Soul
Famous Homemade Chicken Soup, Can I Have Another Bowl?
You Work Late Nights Just To Keep On The Lights
Mommy Got Me Training Wheels So I Could Keep On My Bike
And You Would Give Anything In This World
Michael Jackson Leather And A Glove, But Didn’t Give Me A Curl
And You Never Put No Man Over Me
And I Love You For That Mommy Cant You See?
Seven Years Old, Caught You With Tears In Your Eyes

Cuz Somebody Cheatin, Telling You Lies, Then I Started To Cry
As We Knelt On The Kitchen Floor
I Said Mommy Imma Love You Till You Don’t Hurt No More
And When I’m Older, You Ain't Gotta Work No More
And Imma Get You That Mansion That We Couldn’t Afford
See You’re, Unbreakable, Unmistakable
Highly Capable, Lady That’s Makin Loot
A Livin Legend Too, Just Look At What Heaven Do
Send Us An Angel, And I Thank You

Mama, I Wanna Scream So Loud For You, Cuz I’m So Proud Of You An A
Let Me Tell You What I’m About To Do
Mama, You Know I Love You So An,
I Never Let You Go An I Wrote This Song Just So You Know No Matter When You Go

Last Night I Saw You In My Dreams, Now I Can't Wait To Go To Sleep.
Last Night I Saw You In My Dreams, Now I Can't Wait To Go To Sleep.
Last Night I Saw You In My Dreams, Now I Can't Wait To Go To Sleep.

This Life, Is All A Dream, An My Real Life Starts When I Go To Sleep.
My M-m-m-m Mama



[Adele Givens:]
'Cause you know in the old days
They couldn't say the shit they wanted to say
They had to fake orgasms and shit
We can tell niggas today: "Hey, I wanna cum, mothafucka"

[Lil Pump:]
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it)
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it)
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (love it, love it)
(I'ma fuck a bitch, tell her cousin)
Your boyfriend is a dork, McLovin (dork, McLovin, ooh...)

I just pulled up in a Ghost (Ghost)
Fucked that bitch up out in London (up out in)
Then I fucked up on her cousin
Or her sister, I don't know nothin' (uh-uh, woo)
And my niggas gettin' ignorant
Like a lighter, bitch, we ignant (ignant, yeah)
All this water on my neck
Look like I fell when I went fishin' (fell)
So much diamonds on my bust down
Ooh, fuck, what's the time? (where we at?)
Me and Smokepurpp sippin' drank (ayy)
Ooh, fuck, she take lines (lines)

[Lil Pump & Kanye West:]
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it, scoop!)
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it)

[Kanye West:]
You're such a fuckin' ho
When the first time they ask you if you want sparklin' or still?
Why you try to act like you was drinkin' sparklin' water 'fore you came out here?
You're such a fuckin' h..

I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (whoop!)
I'm a sick fuck, I like a quick fuck (whoop!)

I'm a sick fuck, I like the quick fuck
I like my dick sucked, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new tits, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick fuck, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like that ho shit
I wanna hear more shit, I like the ho shit
Send me some more shit, you triflin' ho bitch (bitch, bitch, bitch)

[Lil Pump:]
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it)
You're such a fuckin' ho, I love it (I love it)

[Adele Givens:]
'Cause you know in the old days
They couldn't say the shit they wanted to say
They had to fake orgasms and shit
We can tell niggas today: "Hey, I wanna cum, mothafucka"



[Adele Givens:]
'Cause you know in the old days
They couldn't say the sh.. they wanted to say
They had to fake orgasms and sh..
We can tell ..iggas today:
"Hey, I wanna.."

[Lil Pump & Kanye West:]
You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it)
You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it)

You're such a freaky girl, I love it (love it, love it)
Your boyfriend is a dork, McLovin (dork)
(McLovin; ooh, ooh, ooh)
I just pulled up in a Ghost (Ghost)
That—that—ch up out in London (up out in)
Then I f—d up on her cousin
Or her sister, I don't know nothin' (uh-uh, woo)
And my ni—as gettin' ignorant
Like a lighter, we—we ignant (ignant)
All this water on my neck
Look like I fell when I went fishin' (fell!)
So much diamonds on my bust down
Ooh, uhf—what's the time? (where we at?)
Me and Smokepurpp sippin' pinch (Purpp!)
Ooh, uhf, she take lines (lines)

You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it, scoop!)
You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it)

[Kanye West:]
You're such a freaky girl
When the first time they ask you if you want sparklin' or still?
Why you tryna act like you was drinkin' sparklin' water 'fore you came out here?
You're such a freaky..

I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (whoop!)
I'm a real freak, I need a real freak (whoop!)
I'm a sick pup, I like a quick jump
I'll light your wrist up, I'll buy you a sick truck
I'll buy you some new gifts, I'll get you that nip-tuck
How you start a family? The condom slipped up
I'm a sick puppy, I'm inappropriate
I like hearin' stories, I like the whole script
Like where your clothes went before you post it?
Send me some mo' pics, you look nice for four kids...

[Lil Pump & Kanye West:]
You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it)
You're such a freaky girl, I love it (I love it)

[Adele Givens:]
'Cause you know in the old days
They couldn't say the sh.. they wanted to say
They had to fake orgasms and sh..
We can tell ..iggas today:
"Hey, I wanna.."



[CHORUS: (Keyshia Cole and Kanye West)]
[Keyshia Cole]
I've been waiting my life; and I stayed on my grind
Now I made up my mind; it's been way too much time
That's why...It's just impossible - It's im-poss-ible
And you know that...
[Kanye]
I don't wanna hear that bull sh..; I wanna hear that official sh..,
Kanye and that Twista sh..; that's so impossible to get it (it's just impossible)
Get it, that's so impossible to get it, Get it, that's so impossible to get it (It's impossible)

[Verse 1]
[Twista]
Aint no way you could pull up to the party in a Bentley blowing B in a club like this; (oh no)
Aint no way you could cook up in the studio with Kanye and get it jukking in the club like this (oh no)
Aint no way that you could win; dust some haters off while I'm sippin on my 'hen,
Holla at a chick while she sippin on her gin
And I got the mobsters hollering at her friends, (its impossible)
For you to ever be the nicest; you aint get gangsta or get righteous,
You aint neva stood on a tip like this; you aint neva stood for no sh.. like this, (Its just impossible)
For you to get it if you don't wanna win; so get up off ya ass
and go for yours
and neva for mine
now you aint from the ride that I'm in
Know what I'm
sayin...

[CHORUS]

[Verse 2]
[Twista]
It's impossible for you to eva get wit me because of how I ride on the track;
Got the bitch in the back of the billy yo? When my celeb
used to have the bitch in the back of the Cadillac (it's just impossible)

Niggas always hatin
leaving me for wilin out for po kim
you be sittin back talking yo shit
I cant help but I see you tho, I don't get it (Its impossible)

Lil mama, for you to fit all that up in a pants; booty kinda wide
turn a regular jeans in a low riders
tell me can I be your man  (its just impossible)
For you to eva deny, that I'm about chi-town
represent the city with the deal for 12 years and sell a couple a mil and still hold it down...THAT'S POSSIBLE

[CHORUS]

[Verse 3]
[Kanye]
Get it; bundled up and - lit it; smoke a lil blunt don't - admit it
do it like I did too late - I did it
The controversy cant worse me man; I'm eating but I'm still thirsty and
Thirsty what is you saying
I gotta a duel with a couple niggas that's Thursday man
Why the hell is i'm worrying; hopping out the Benz with the perfect 10
Man your life must be perfect man; look at how they came up with the perfect plan
Its impossible
got strip clubs playin gosspital
girl so sick in the hospital
you know I jumped out like pakadu
I only break it down I when I rock wit you
Since Michael Jackson made rock wit you
I done did shit on logical
maybe cause we did the impossible
maybe we done did the impossible

[CHORUS]

[Outro]
No matter what i do, see i been waitin all my, waitin all my life, yeah,
And i know i stayed on my grind, i know i stayed on my grind,
Its impossible for me to fail baby, i gotta keep on movin,
Gotta keep on movin, its impossible

(Its just impossible) (its impossible)



Ready!, Huh.
Yeah! um
Jesus, Jesus talk to me
Jesus, Jesus talk with me 
Jesus, Jesus,
Jesus, Jesus,
Come on!
(Jesus Walks)
God show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(Jesus walk with me)

[Kanye]
Between the girls and the jewelry
The devil trying to lure me
And view of me 
(Jesus walks with me)
My pastor shaking his head
he ain’t sure of me
But surely 
(Jesus walks with me)
Then he ask
do you say your prayers at least 2 a week?
I ain’t talking to God I know what I’ve been doing G.
Do you know how I be embarrassed?
my prayers sound like Ben Stiller on Meet the Parents
and I ain’t good with that “give us our day”, 
this ladies just trying to give us our free
I’m trying to give us, us pay, 
now you know how them strippers was,
We was all ghetto-fabulous all at the rooms at the Cyberus, 
from this Jacuzzi wild can you cleanse us?
Can you please unfog my Cardierre lenses?
God sends signs sometimes only in glimpses for me I almost died
falling asleep in them Benzes
Theirs something about this beat that get me tranquilized
and when I play it at my shows I feel sanctified 
and HE gives me direction when I can’t decide
He is alive!, how can you tell me he ain’t when I said 

(Jesus Walks)
God show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(Jesus Walks)
The only thing I pray is that my feet don’t fail me now
(Jesus Walks)
And Now I think there’s something I can say now 
that will right my wrongs 
(Jesus Walks)
I finally talked to God and I ain’t afraid cause his love is so strong

[Ma$e]
Before you take me name, take my fame,
While you at it take my shame, take my flaws, take my blame
Feel my dirt, conceal my hurt, See my bruise, 
and this you walk in my shoes
You weren’t there when I was in deep thought.
When I had two choice, kill him or either leave New York
But I’m a truth teller and that’s why I say what I’m sayin
And the only thing the radio playin is cause you be payin
It ain’t about who really hot no more
Beats would knock no more
so who cares who flock no more
I realize that most labels pay you for lies
And all that blood do is gain disguise
That you’re favorite artist shhhh
I know you hear that huh you wanna fear that what
Your worst dream is that you was gonna hear that
Con the rap this like John the Baptist
prepare the way for what I came to say today
They deceived us, had us thinking Jesus really didn’t need us
When he loved up all you
He loved them boys in hallway up in Broadway
even those who meet him for dope every 4 days
To the strippers in broad day up in Norway
To the Detroit player Gators in Moreys
With me its not just bars and music I walk with God
I have the scares to prove it,ugh

(Jesus Walks)
God show me the way now the devil can’t break me down
(Jesus Walks)
The only thing that I pray is that my feet don’t fail me now
(Jesus Walks)
Everybody out there just lift your hands 
right now and say this with me:

“Father I thank you, for forgiving me, for everything I ever done,
for Jesus walking with me, for dying for me, raising for me, 
and all my sins have been forgiven, I’m a changed man, 
I’m healed I’m delivered,I’m rich and It’s all because of him”
Now Walk with me, Walk with me, Walk Walk Walk with me 
Walk with me



[Amnesty:]
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today-ay-ay
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Lift yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Yourself up on your feet, let's get it on
Hard to see, ooh
The hang ups we have today-ay-ay
Said we need to strive for more liberty
Lift yourself up on your feet
Yourself up on your feet
Lift yourself up on your feet
Yourself up on your
Lift

Lift your, lift your, lift yourself
Lift, lift your, lift your, lift your, lift your, lift, lift

[Kanye West (Amnesty):]
(Hard to see, ooh)
(The hang ups we have today-ay-ay)
But they don't really realize, though
(Said we need to strive for more liberty)
This next verse, this next verse though
(Lift yourself up on your feet)
These bars
(Lift yourself up on your feet)
Watch this some shit, go

[Kanye West:]
Poopy-di scoop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-dickscoop-dickpoop
Poop-dickscoopty
Scoopty-whoop
Whoopity-scoop, whoop-poop
Poop-diddy, whoop-scoop
Poop, poop
Scoop-diddy-whoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop
Whoop-diddy-scoop, poop



[Pusha T:]
Re-Up Gang Pusha
(Looking for trouble, trouble, trouble)
But you found it muthafucker
Yes
All I see is black roses, drug dealer poses
shoveling that devil’s angel up they noses
never let jail turn my shine into Moses
couldn’t cleanse my soul with them civil rights sposes
panoramic roof, under glass like a coaster
backseat driver, racial slurs at the chauffeur
killian loafers, Mikimoto chokes her
Photo-op this priceless, frame our wanted posters
the audacity, war brings casualty
bitch have my son before I face that tragedy
ugh, I order hits, she orders mahi
R.I.P. Vivian Blake, shout out the shower posse
Gone!!!

(You seek out problems)
(Looking for trouble, trouble, trouble)
But you found it motherfucker

[Kanye West:]
I’m here, it’s the misogyny
bad bitches massaging me
sometimes we lowered our standards at the colleges
so please don’t judge me, ugh, for the following
fat bitches swallowing, skinny bitches modeling
take of that Givenchy and let’s get raunchy
I have your face looking all Captain Cruncy
the devil stay testing
’cause when you chase the pussy it’s a sin
but if it falls in your lap it’s a blessing
soon as I got salad, I spent it all on dressing
French, to be exact, that Balmain was impressive
had used the main leathers (leathers, leathers, leathers)

[Cyhi The Prynce:]
Cyhi, Cyhi, Yeah
boy, we looking for trouble
maybe if we wasn’t black then we wouldn’t have struggled
player, all I got is trap niggas and crooks in my huddle
they cook and I smuggle
got twenty pounds of kush in the duffle
so I’m running through them circles,
boy I’m looking like Knuckles
look at my knuckles, got the hook in ’cause niggas was looking
I’ve tooken some whoopings, so trust me, dog I’m good for a scuffle
don’t be mad I whooped your ass ’cause I’ve tooken a couple
feds asking niggas questions but I wouldn’t rebuttal
‘cause I’m Jake Gyllenhaal, I’m in the hood with the bubble
with a tall model broad like I took her from Russell
didn’t play the cards I was dealt, I made the dealer re-shuffle
Royal Flush, so kiss my royal nuts
ain’t nothing silver spooned, I came from the soil, bruh
but now I’m eating off of rather yellow gold
exquisite ravioli with some happy yellow hoes
but don’t get it confused when I rap these mellow flows
‘cause all my Titos got bricks like a yellow road

[Big Sean:]
GOOD, I do it
B.I.G. Sean Don nigga
(But you found it mutherfucker)
bitch
I’m in, that no-smoke sec’ rolling motherfucking ounces
marijuana mountains, drinks you’re not pronouncing
three chains on, I don’t need no bouncers
nothing less than a G stack’s in my trousers
(Boy)
new double-D’s smashed in her blouses
fuck a hotel, my nigga we rent houses (houses)
my nigga, we rent houses
so many wedding rings lost in them couches
I’m just a Westside lover
I leave females in my sheets and all my feelings in a rubber
this is showtime, showtime, boy
I hope you set the DVR
stacking money face to face, dish it, look like CPR
‘Ye invited me a seat to sit at the throne
so now I’m snapping like yo’ ass just finished a poem
does he sound like ‘Ye, Jay, or Drizzy Drake?
meanwhile, I’m chilling with all these niggas, counting all this money you ain’t
consider yourself lucky to see a legend before the prime
a killer before the crime, a BIG before the Dime
greet me wit a middle finger when you see me
it’s cool, ’cause I can’t see yo’ ass from this side of the TV muthafucker

[J. Cole]
Hey, Cole World, make way for the chosen one
what you now hear is putting fear in all the older ones
down played me to downgrade me like they don’t notice son
your shoes too big too fill? I can barely squeeze my toes in ‘em
fucking hoes while teaching niggas to hold your sons
this the rap Moses, scratch that, Mary and Joseph’s son
high as fuck with a cold flow and a loaded gun
never say I’m better than Hov, but I’m the closest one
heard you looking for trouble, what, I’m supposed to run?
yo’ bitch invited me inside her, ain’t I supposed to cum?
got niggas that’ll blow your tee off, put a hole in one
now you outside of heaven’s gate, fronting like you know someone
talking hard, but y’all still ain’t push me
they say you are what you eat, and I still ain’t pussy
fuck it, everybody can get it
when you’re this hot, everybody’s a critic
but when you’re this high everybody’s a midget
all this mean mugging from niggas that mean nothing
could it be my position is one that you dreamed of?
went from quarter to broke to half past rich
with my badass bitch
and you don’t want no problems on some math class shit
so check the young genius out
fuck the World, bust a nut, and let my semen sprout
I thought that real shit is what you been fiending ’bout
what you been praying for? What you been screaming ’bout?
ironic you been sleeping on the one that you been dreaming ’bout



[Swizz Beatz]
This is something special
This is something new
This is something special
This is something new

[Charlie Wilson]
Lord Lord Lord

[Mos Def]
The power of observation
marvells and frights, its strange delights
attributes, properties, disciplines and novelties
ecstatic patterns in the calender design
wilderness tours guided by and for the blind
cool rulers standing still sweating through the shade
who knew those lights only grew bright to fame
dead wrong pageantry lottery and games
slight of hand provided by extravagant and fake
the carnival till bell will hustle for the age
they clutch what they covet but what must they give away
who was uninvited who was asked to come and stay
surprise it's your life its your business anyway so please
pardonly and such curious minds
peace safe passage, precious time
hither and gone, the day of days
(?) this tiny stone illuminated by a star far gone
only star so large, many more
to make our largest star show small
furthermore the end is not the end no stop but I'm pausing
what we can witness is all that isn't all
(?) scotch and pork chops
the passion, expansion the order of the random
see the dreamers see the sleepers
(?) sweet jesus and life on Earth
seek heaven first
let put in this work

[Charlie Wilson]
Lord Lord lord
Lord Lord lord
This is something special
This is something new

[Kanye West]
Her heels set the mood
where did you acquire those are liars
when I met you I heard Jesus bells, strings and a choir
I got lines better than niggas albums, plural
king of the urban make your shit sound rural
she said I hit it so deep she need an epidural
them other niggas have you looking like a squirrel
and thats nuts, I only hang around with white boys that like black sluts
tell em Plain Pat yo that track sucks
we aint dissin' you between the position you play something for us to listen to
I'm tryin' to worry about my scratch minus the crabs
I aint stopping for you niggas like yellow cabs
i got scripts so why we need a movie
and if I'm a douche than put me in your coochie
I swear they should have never gave these niggas loosely
and excuse me if I'm trapped by the boobies
boobie trap, holla back

[Swizz Beatz]
AK on the lap like whats that
clik clak
this is something special
this is something new
All white Bentley I call that momma
my life crazy like Obama's
you talk slick well I'm Osama
Bin Laden, whats happenin' I get it crackin'
all black carpet, Ima rich yeah
its gonna take you a couple years to get this here
thank AP while they thank me
and I'd be mad too if you aint me
call me Mr D's or Mister boss
see me riding clean in a Rolls Royce
niggas talking funny that's old money
niggas looking crazy but they acting funny
nowadays rappers, they like bloggers
you see me I'ma a bank (?)
coming through your hood and I brings trucks
with 25's on it like what the fuck
hundred feet and better why they fuck you stick
paparzzi on the water, why the fuck you stick
my face got the fuck you pricks
my beats go hard like fuck you dicks
pourin' champagne damn thing
sit there rockin' sway nigga in the damn ring
aint a damn thing, money aint a damn thing
ask Yeezy and most we do the god damn thing
get down to the precious lovers

[Chorus]

[Raekwon]
Ayo open glass on my fingers
I sit back like I'm caged but still cakin'
my niggas is hatin'
it's like being in the livest Lambo in the hood
you a piece of steak I'd rather be that than some bacon
every project is a throne, only just bigger stones they throw
that why I wear a big hat and roll weed
gone if you don't know where you came or when you came
all you know is weed and cocaine
non believers no game
I'm zooted down, rollin' a spliff
maxin' flamin' like wheres the attraction
I'm son he's attracted
guaranteed to service the real niggas
or cruisin' in a Volvo
duffy for dolo
puffy polo
that blow house is where I reside
live amongst fiends, countin' currency hittin' blunts
only to hear the door rumble
grab the four hope it aint the law
or maybe some nigga tryna score

[Charlie Wilson]
Lord Lord Lord
Lord Lord Lord
Lord Lord Lord
[repeated]



[Chorus]
I never liked you n-ggas
Who knew one day I'd be just like you n-ggas
Uh uh uh alright you n-ggas
Uh uh uh alright you n-ggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?

He walked in our lives
I was only five
Superman pajama's I was super duper fly
Sitting here like why, he at least supersize
You know I scrutinise like who this newer guy
I'm my mama boyfriend I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when there wasn't
Trying to get to know homie just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me you just tryna f-ck my mum
We are the voices of our parents bad choices
The aftermath of divorces
The kids of bitter split ups
And baby sitters
Grand parents that don't know what to do with us
And the last thing I want to see is mama's new n-gga
You old Old Spice wearing
Short chain wearing
Dress shoes and jogging pants wearing
Church sock wearing
When you first stop caring about your appearance
When you get here anyway I already got parents
Don't try to put me inline I already got crayons
My mama said I could do it I already got clearance
Keep your hands of my mama how I need to got clearance
Yeah I know she look good but you need to stop staring
I drew a picture of her that would make her proud
But the door was locked and the TV up so loud
I scream out "I ain't going to sleep no time soon,
And when I do I'm sleeping in my mama room"
I don't like you n-gga
If I was old enough I would fight you n-gga
I wanna run over you in my bike you n-gga
Don't go to sleep at night you n-gga

And it seems like I wasted time
If thats what it's all about
Mama if thats moving up than I

When I become my mama's boyfriends
Twenty years later where has the time gone
Now you see I'm dating having problems of my own
Now that I'm grown the tables turned around
I never thought I'd ever raise another n-ggas child
He don't like his mama's boyfriend
Just like me don't wanna do the wrong thing
That's very un Spike Lee but he be like he go round his mama then
Cause when she here he be quiet
When she leave he be talking again
He be wylin again
Be calm I don't drink the drama
A sip of Dom Tyler-Perry-on
You gon marry my mom look
I don't read palms and I don't read psalms
And I did take little man to church
And took little man to school
Look littl eman kids don't make the rules
Even though I aint raised you
You your mama angel
Don't get it twisted baby boy I'll Ving Rhames you

[Chorus]

When I become my mama's boyfriends?



That new Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back don't like me though (Why!?)
I can't tell you 'bout stupid hoes (Why!?)
I bet she don't act stupid though

Cause I cut a bitch, ugh
I fucked a bitch, go and find another bitch and I never trust a bitch
You done text a nigga thirty times on some baby mother shit
Talkin' 'bout you celibate
But she still suck a dick
This that half a brick quarterbrick, aye!
Come and place your order bitch more of that gutter shit

New Rihanna in the front
Bitches in the back she don't like me though (Why!?)
I don't know she might be broke (Why!?)
I can't tell you 'bout stupid hoes (Why!?)
I bet she don't act stupid though

She know that I had sex with 'em
If she tryna get lit, then go ahead light a ho
What you bitches fighting for, now
I can't even, that's why you can't sit with us
You need to just sit your ass down
I heard you fucked a nigga, well I fucked that nigga too
And then he probably didn't tell you, that's what sucka niggas do
And if he hadn't tested me he woulda never fucked with you

Cause that New Rihanna in the front, bitch
Bitches in the back she don't like me though (Why!?)
Side piece 'bout to let wifey know (Why!?)
Thirsty hoes is tryna get chose (Why!?)
I bet she don't act stupid though

Cut that bitch in the bathroom
Cut that bitch in the bathroom
I cut that bitch in the bathroom
I catch that bitch in the bathroom
I bet you need to quit playing
Quit playing with me, bruh
Got a nigga fucked up, up in here

You know what I'm saying? That bitch saying she don't like me, you ask her why she [?]... I don't know, just like some shit stupid bitches say, you know I'm saying?

[Bibi Bourelly:] Like I can't even deal with this shit right now, this bitch is crazy, she must have lost her fucking mind. I'm tired of going back and forth with this ho, what the fuck? I can't even deal. Who the fuck does this bitch think she is?



As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me
Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, 'cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside your head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
'Cause every road that leads to heaven's right aside you
So I can say

Hello my only one
Just like the morning sun
You keep on rising 'til the sky knows your name
Hello my only one
Remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Oh the good outweighs the bad even on your worst day
Remember how I'd say, hey, hey, one day
You'll be the man you always knew you could be
And if you knew how proud I was
You'd never shed a tear, have a fear
No you wouldn't do that
And though I didn't pick the day to turn the page
I know it's not the end every time I see her face
And I hear you say

Hello my only one
Remember who you are
You got the world 'cause you got the love in your hands
And you're still my chosen one
So can you understand
One day you'll understand

So hear me out, hear me out
I won't go, I won't go
No goodbyes, no goodbyes
Just hello, just hello
And when you cry, I will cry
And when you smile, I will smile
And next time when I look in your eyes
We'll have wings and we'll fly

Hello my only one
Just like the morning sun
You keep on rising 'til the sky knows your name
And you're still my chosen one
Remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori
I just want you to do me a favor

Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me, tell Nori about me
Tell Nori about me...



Uh, do you know about this motherfuckers
All you niggas is wack
Fuck swag
He gone girl, he gone

Uh, bitches all on his nuts yeah, dawg
We swarfing, we urging
Got a bitch, she's purging,
You shiny nigga will rick curbings
Fuck swag it's my virgin,
This tight shit, no virgin
Miss Marlene, no margin
We the way you niggas know surfin'
Uh, is it something I said?
You're upset, nigga get some head
You ain't got no hoes, well nigga get some bread
No grind, you're blind nigga we'll stay instead
This is liberty, no chivalry
You thirsty trick? No sipping me
I'm on E, I'm gonna take a leak on you weak niggas
I want all hate on me,
I'm laughing to the bank like hi-hi-hi
Corny shit, don't blame it on me nigga
I'm a free nigga, I'm gonna smoke that whiskey leaf
That's spotted pale, you better inhale
Don't be a clown, get in shape
Get in shape try to get me the crown
No guessed out, don't try to act ho
Niggas I can hide, but they eyes ain't low
Squad full of niggas like Horizon's Coast
Fuck your IBM nigga, I do the most
Turned up shit, that's the life I chose
Fuck school, we gon' pack it bitch
She knows me now she better study this
Hate on me, fuck it I love this
So I finish track, nigga ya might be missed

Uh, but you never own this mother fucker,
AKA no dinero, AKA I fucked your hole
Fuck your bitch, fuck your cool, fuck EMT
Fuck them Js, shut up bitch, uh

You're Callie Stew she's Damie Green
Shit was flight, shit was flame
Fire it up, y'all shift the lane
You a whore and now what that means
You a fame, you a faithful trance
That perfect glance, your thirsty grin
Now get your fuckin' opinion
Low bitch bore us, you type cleans
Aw hell no!

Back to the point, I don't feel y'all
You the type of niggas shopin' in the mall
Fucking ranches with dirty drawers
Now don't get me wrong, don't get me wrong
I'm a turned up nigga with a couple of flaws
I've been doing some shit that wouldn't get me rich
Fuck a bad flip, that's real shit
On to the next like real quick
Wow, Coco, white girl sipping that cocoa
That mean nothing to our personal
No disrespect, I might flex tho
I make them drop them drawers with [?]
I make them ho? my pill with their eyes closed
Make them suck the dick with a blindfold
I'm trying to win the nigga with the rhinestone
Yeah, I'm with this shit
Know a couple niggas all below the cliff
Niggas want the issue, they unload the shit
Fuck 'em with some niggas I don't give a shit
Untill shit's up, why you flossing me?
Why you talking shit, like you bossing me
Tryin' to take swag like you won some of them
They can chose me, I don't know them
Uh bitch, i'm yo daddy nigga, shut up!



[Jay-Z - Intro]
Is this thing on?
Oh, I thought they silenced us, 'Ye
Power to the people

We're living in that 31st century, futuristic fly shit
The penthouse is the projects and everybody flies private
New watches (you know what time it is) 
Watch us (you see us)
They can't stop us
The prophets
Beotches!

[Chorus: Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power (Yea!)
The clock's tickin, I just count the hours (Yea!)
Stop trippin, I'm tripin off the power 
("No one man should have all that power!" - [King Crimson])

[Jay-Z]
Rumble young man, rumble
Life is a trip so sometimes we gon' stumble
You gotta go through pain in order to become you
But once the world numbs you, you'll feel like it's only one you
Man, you got the power to do anything you want to
Until you ask yourself, "Is that what it's all come to?"
Looking at life through sunglasses in the sunroof
Do you have the power to get out from up under you
Fuck all these labels, fuck what everybody wants from you
They trying to ask who/Axl Rose you, (Welcome to the Jungle!)
To be continued, we're on that Norman Mailer shit
In search of the truth even if it goes through Taylor Swift
Tell 'em this!

[Kanye West]
No one man should have all that power...[echoes]

[John Legend (Kanye)]
Yea-ei-yea-ei-yea-ei-yea-ei-YEAAAAAAA-EAH
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
{"No one man should have all that power!" - [King Crimson]}

[Kanye West]
Now when I walk in everybody do the power clap - clap, clap, clap
Fresh for the club, I just took an half an hour nap - clap, clap, clap
I seen people go crazy when the whole world in our lap - Clap, clap, clap
My psyche was out the plug, now it's time to get the power back - Clap, clap

I've seen people abuse power, use power, misuse and then lose power
Power to the people, at last! It's a new hour
Now we all ain't gon' be American Idols 
But you can 'least grab a camera, shoot a viral
Huuuh? Take the power in your own hands
I'm a grown man, doin my grown dance
I don't stop until I see the end, my vision clear, bitch
I'm on my Van Gogh, I don't hear shit
No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin, I just count the hours
Stop trippin, I'm trippin off the power 
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours

[John Legend]
EYY-YEAAAAH
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
OH OH (And is it?) YEA-EAH (And is it?)
Eh-ay, eh-ay, eh-ay, eh-ay (The power)

[Kanye West]
Now everything I'm rhymin on cause a Ramadon
Been a don prayin for families lost in the storm
Bring our troops back from Iraq, keep our troops out of Iran
So the next couple bars I'ma drop 'em in Islam
They say as-salaam alaikum, we say alaikum as-salaam/salam'
That's no Oscar Mayer bacon, you should run and tell your mom
Now the question is how we gon' stop the next, Vietnam
Keep, Flex out of Korea 'cause you know we drop bombs! 
[explosion and music stops]

[Swizz Beatz - breakdown as beat changes]
Showtime!
Aiyyo Yeezy man, stop playin wit these people man
They wanna see you act all crazy in this muh'fucker man
Take that jacket off an go crazy on them niggaz man
Ya'knahmtalkin BOUT? {"I GOT THE POWER!" - [Snap!]}

[Kanye West (Swizz Beatz)]
What do it mean to be the boss? (OH!)
It means second place is the first one who lost (OH!)
The crucifixion, the being nailed to the cross (OH!)
The truth or fiction, it's a hell of a cost (BOP!)
Do the dishes, I'm 'bout to hit that Jeff Gordon (AY!)
Michael Jordan is the only one more important (AY!)
But I be feelin like Jordan when I'm recording (C'mon!)
'Cause everytime I record, I dunk and slam the booooards
I don't know what rappers gon' do afterwarrrrrds (OH!)
Prol'ly spaz like I might do at the awaaaaards (Right!)
Huh! I got the whole crowd goin CRAZY! (AY!)
Homey, I should be rewarded (WHOOOOOOO!)
Gettin money Yeezy, Yeezy how you do it, huh? (WHOOO!)
Eating Wheaties, drinkin Fiji, bein greedy, huh? (C'mon!)
Don't even think you can elude to the rumors (C'mon!)
I'm immune to the boos, I'ma PROVE to you losers -- {"I GOT THE POWER!" - [Snap!]}
(Huh!) It's all in timing, nigga (Get 'em!)
See I dream my whole life that I could rhyme with Jigga (Get 'em!) 
Now Jay my big brother, and B my lil' sister (Get 'em!)
And excuse me, but, you cain't see my lil' sister (HANDS IN THE AIR!)
Number one sound across the board - HEY! (OH!)
Number one now and forever more - HEY! (HEY!)
Number one rule is niggas gon' HATE!
Maybe I drop the album - naaaaah, y'all gotta wait (Oh!)
And on the net, they showin pictures of my Cali place
My Maybach in NY, but it still got the Cali plates
All my ol' gurls know that I'm the one that got away (Whoo!)
I think about her Christmas and play some Donny Hathaway (AY!)
And keep my bulletproof, hater coat on (Chill...chill! Chill! Yo!)
Lookin at some photos that I'm lookin crazy dope on
Hand up, talkin shit, yeah I get my Pope on (Yo!)
and go home with, somethin to poke on (WHOO!)
That's what Dre said, but this what 'Ye said (Huh!)
How 'Ye doin? Who 'Ye screwin? (Huh!)
That's for my dick to know, befo' you get to know 'em
She ain't gave you ass, that pussy fictional
I gotta give her the eviction no-tice
"Getcho ass out, bitch! Vamanos!"
Five seconds to the song end, we gettin close
I got the power muh'fucker if you didn't know

[Swizz Beatz - Outro]
Chill! Chill! Chill man!
Chill 'Ye, chill! Chill!
Chill! Shit's burned up already...
It's over



Why would she make calls out the blue
Now I'm awake, sleep (less in June) or (missing you)

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, then play you will, I pray you will

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you do
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, one day you will, I pray you will

When I grab your neck, I touch your soul
Take off your cool, then lose control

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, you will, you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will, if you will, I pray you will

I wish this song would really come true
(I wish this song would really come true
I wish this song, this song could play and could come true
I wish this song, "Say You Will," would come true
I wish this song)
I admit I still fantasize about you, about you
(I admit I, don't say, I admit I, don't say I admit I)

Hey, hey, hey, hey
(I admit I, I admit I)
Don't say you will, you will, you will
(Say you will, say you will
Don't say I, don't say I)
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Please say you will, for real, I pray you will



[Chorus: Pusha T]
Doing my thing, pocket full of green
Hand on my dick in my thousand dollar jeans
Your girl a Queen, my girl a thing
You know what though? I'm a take, I'm a take this one for the team

[Kanye West:]
I'm a take this one for the team
GOOD music
Yeah you know what
I figured out I'm not a nice guy
I shook hands, kissed babies gave it a nice try
You know what I hate pictures of other peoples kids
I hate plastic couches in other peoples cribs
I hate when other peoples crib's smell like shit
I hate when I leave, I smell like the crib
What's the cause of the poor smell?
She said "I just cleaned up baby I can't tell"
Why every ghetto bitch gotta smell like Love Spell
Or that God-damn cucumber bath and body works
I can still smell the sweat the shit hardly works
What about Cool Water that shit probably worse
Is he a classic like the Ladi Dadi verse
And my man probably hollered at the hottie first
I score, he took the charge
Ooooh, that shit gotta hurt

[Chorus: Pusha T]

[Pusha T:]
Nevermind me, 'Ye have fun
If the cops ask, that's my gun
That's my weed, anything you need
I'm a take, I'm a take, I'm a take this one for the team
One fat ass, one flat ass
Nigga hit the switcheroo on my black ass
Ever seen Joe's jeans on a jackass
And my bitch got on tights with a tac ass
I'm a fly nigga and I carry on
With the bottles of that Rose and Perignon
Ever seen how a kingpin carry's on
Dookie chain and a herringbone
Real shit, gotta feel this
First class flights baby that's a field trip
Double date don't cooperate, kill switch
Fuck me and my man, you a real bitch

[Chorus]

[Kanye West:]
Ladies and gentleman
It's G.O.O.D music in the house
And we got Keri

[Keri Hilson:]
All I know you the one that I heard about
Know you work your way up through word of mouth
Plus I'm a have to test you in and out
It's a dirty job but sometimes you gotta take it for the team
Take it for the team
Take it for the team
Take it for the team

(I like your mentality baby)

[Cyhi The Prynce:]
I'm blowing on stinky that come in a jar
I'm playing with her kitty later come in the car
She a red bone but her cousin is dark
A little out of shape but you'll fuck in the dark
Until she start complaining 'bout her feet hurt
I'm trying fuck, she talking she wanna eat first
I'm like why did this bitch have to bring her
I'm tryna get her back to the nest so I can sting her
So I hit Big Sean on the ringer
I said I gotta chick for you that'd like a singer
On a scale of 1-10 she's a 15′er
Meaner, shoulda seen a nigga face when he seen her
He said the bitch wasn't pretty enough to finger
Though on my team she will be a fifth stringer
I said I got the fine one and the beamer
I'm the point guard and I need wing...

[Keri Hilson:]
Take it for the team
Take it for the team
Take it for the team

[Chorus]

[Kanye West:]
GOOD Friday's,
It's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check check my swag and get up to date
We in the bathroom now, she get her back blew out
She can't clean but I bet she got a vacuum mouth
And I bet I'm gon sweat her Vidal Sassoon out
Her friend buss it, God damn it, bought the Racoon out
For the team, ugh

Like we always do at this time
Like, Like we always do at this time
I go for, I got to...
Like we always do at this time
Like we always do at this time
Go for, I go to
Like we always do at this time
Like we always do at this time
Southside, we gon set this party off right
This time,
This time, yeah yeah
Mike Dean on the keys, hey
They love to hate, bad model bitches they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check check check my swag and get up to date
Ey, it's the man they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches they love to date
They need to check my swag and get up to date
Check check check my swag and get, ugh, hey



[Intro - Kanye West]
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get right for the summer workout tape
And ladies if you follow these instructions exactly
you might bear to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude wit' a car
So first of all we gon' work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass!

[Verse 1 - Kanye West]
1 and 2 and 3 and 4 and get them sit ups right and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son and don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
What's scary to me is Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came..
I came...
I came..

[Chorus - Kanye West]
It's been a week without me
and she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) [4x]
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)

[Verse 2 - Kanye West]
Oh girl your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set Twista said get it wet
Ooh girl your breath is HARSH
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS

[LiL Jon]
Stop, Its the remix

[F.J. Bentley]

B.E.N.T.L.E.Y
Yee aint no you betta ask somebody
What we gonna do is turk that body
All day at they fitness party
Lock them doors, don't tell nobody
Gentlemens in the Gentlemens club
Hitting them with an interesting dub
Its upside down that for the A-town
What ya'll Sayin
F.J. Bentley Caught Misbehaving
yes in the captin and im saving
all my money, yes im just gonna stand and watch ya dance from ova hea
matter fact pass the cavarsiar
But i will walk you to your car my dear
Cheers..

[Chorus - Kanye West]
It's been a week without me
and she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothin' to talk about
'Lest, she talkin' about freakin' out
then maybe we can work it out
Work it out (Come on) [4x]
Work it out now
Maybe we can work it out (Come on, come on)

[Interlude: Ladies speaking w/ Kanye in the background]
[Jill] Hi may name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to
Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player
and like now I shop every day on Rodeo drive
I just want to say, thank you Kanye! woooo! woooo! woooo!

[Asandra] My name is Asandra, and I just want to say
that ever since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's
put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun
And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck Ray Ray's
broke ass no mo'

(Work it mo' juge it mo' pump it mo, Chi-town mo' let's go mo')

[Alamae] My name is Alamae from Mobille, Alabama
and I just want to say since listenin' to Kanye's workout tape
I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide
And I rode the plane, rode the plane, rode the plane

[Girl] Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See I pulled me a baller man (yeah)
And I don't gotta work at the mall again

[Beat changes]

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite work out plan (oh! oh! oh!)
I wanna see you work out (yeah yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
(It's that old Michael Jackson shit)

That's right put in work, move your ass, go wizzerk
Get your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (This time around I want y'all to clap like this)

That's right put in work
Move your ass, go wizzerk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Ok bring)
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not, 'cuz on this one I need ya)
His woooorrrrkkoouut plan (to give me a soul clap ok? double time)

That's right put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Ow!
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve

That's right put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)

That's right put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go wizzerk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's, that'd be good) [Applause and cheering]
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Woah yeah



Get in... Get in... oha... the Roc in here
it's your boy Kanye to the... listen up man...

I get girls in my room like hostages
given me neck like ostriches
getten some play to real Kanye 
cause we all know who do you Possies is

All my Gangsters mob to this
and all my strippers do your job to this
hell no I can't give you my cell phone
but you know where the hotel lobby is

For ya'll the same girls wouldn't give me no ass
nahana haly[?] surpass my whole upper-class
better if I meet her now I can fuck her fast
I pass... I be on some new shit

I wouldn't fuck none of the girls I went to school with
fuck around I ain't be on no cool shit
lay on see the models that me in my crew get on
see the fabolous duce I bought with the blueprint

She say: "Whoa! Kanye don't get caught up in the high,
?ain't no tell a neggle? left you after the night."
We'll lift the nice tonight pop bottles fuck models
sear money to your broke my Nigga live your life

Cause I'm livin' and actin' on Nigga American Dream
and all my dogs livin' by care sweet with me
so if I get here from dream that one for the team
fuck 7-0-2 that one for the crew

My thought Hip Hop really low crowded[?]
so if I ever get the smash this fuck's for you
I can barely dry the G fight I came by
just like a brainshot they know it's money in the side



Yo Ferris, they can't stop me from rappin', can they?
I spit it through the wire, man
If this ain't dedication I don't know what is, man
Listen, first of all I want to thank you for your support
Chi-Town, what's goin' on?

Uh, yeah, feels like, uh, every sunshine is brighter
Sunsets feel righter
Please light ya lighter for the producer and the writer
Feel like God wrote this
I'm just here to quote this
I don't know if you notice but them accident pictures bogus
Doctor, doctor, would you please say somethin'?
I know I almost was the final destination
I must've had a blessin' from Pastor Mason
Cause that trip to L.A. could've been my last vacation
And, man, I know I can drop a down payment on that Porsche Cayenne
But, what, I went along with the plan
Paid for my own video, directed by my man
Man, I know God was holdin' my hand
Wouldn't let me go before I go on Def Poetry Jam
Wouldn't let me throw in the towel 'fore I got to throw in some vowels
'Bout what we goin' through now
Girls got a crush on me like I did beats for Mr. Cheeks
And since the accident they tellin' me it's the cheeks
And if you look at history
That last rapper that almost died sold 6.5
'Cept I'm comin' from the Chi
Through the wire to the wall
All my rhymes is raw
All these beats beats beats beats beats
All of them could of been lost
I always got to floss
I almost paid the cost
So before I go to sleep sleep sleep
Always thank the Lord
For this mic and my keyboard
Heck naw, that boy is raw

You hear that? That's all that jewelry I got on man
Sometimes I take it off at the airport but I still get stopped
They be like "There go Kayne, there go Kayne!
Can I see some I.D. please? So thank you very much"
First of all, my momma named me Kanye so you all gonna' call me Kanye
I'm like the girl on the 'Sixth Sense'
"I'm feelin' much better now"
I feel a whole hell of a lot better man



Uh, yeah
Uh, uh
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off
Parents are the strippers, strip kids of they confidence
Teach white dominance, question your common sense
See, I've been washed in tradition and I'ma rinse
Hopped off the Amistad and made "I'm A God"
It's always a lituation when I'm involved
See, I say what they say when the mic is off



[Lupe Fiasco]
Life styles of the rich and famous
Bought a big house and a whole lotta rangers
Fresh new couch and a whole lotta trainers
A closet full of clothes and some brand new dangers
And some Mexican floral arrangers
A great big TV that'll entertain us
Some colourful commissions for some high paid painters
Someone to take the wrap so that I stay stainless
And a new relationship with a banker 
And two pinky rings for my manicured fingers 
A trained German Shepard that bark when he's angered
To watch my possessions and to look out for strangers
And a fifty foot yacht with an anchor 
A young supermodel that should remain nameless
(The) ups and the downs the sames and the changes
All the money in the world won't make it painless no...

[Chorus]
(But they love it and they love it)
The more you try to erase me
(and they love it) [x4]
The more the more
The more that I appear

Oh, the more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more you try the eraser
The more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more that you appear

[Kanye West]
(Plain Pat, what up?)
Lifestyles of the broke and famous
Let you know how crazy this game is
Look at all the new beautiful faces
At home supermodel myspaces
Long for they shot on the tv screen
American Idol never seen these dreams
Just last week they wanna see ID
Now they got you in VIP huh
How many people almost famous
You almost remember what they name is
Like hey didn't you play in
No it couldn't be quit playin
Now tryin to keep that balance 
After MTV that's a real world challenge
Back on that train 
Never to be heard from again

[Chorus x2]
(but they love it and they love it)
The more you try to erase me
The more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more that I appear

Oh, the more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more you try the eraser
The more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more that you appear

[Pharrell]
G R I P P I M P 
I any spell a bitch come on that's me
I bring a burner sensation to the urban eye 
Like a eye drop of turpentine 
You can listen to the serpent fine 
But the earth got gas once it burps its fine
Some around me they talk about degrees
Now GHG how to cook a quart of ki
Talkin bout nasal he ain't over that cold
No glove, scrub, man he's just over that stove
Perfect paradigm wrong place wrong time
Shoulda been Phizer Glaxo Smith Kline
Number one chemist look at the no blemish
Egg shell off white like a DUPONT finish
Young, dumb, how strong who can handle us?
I wonder how God's goin paint today's canvases 
Cause who knew that day that man would just
Go to VA with a tech and spray campuses
What a way to see the cover of time
I know that n**** wish he was standing in line
to see it..as if he didn't do it

[Chorus x2]
(but they love it and they love it)
The more you try the erase me
The more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more that I appear

Oh, the more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more you try the eraser
The more the more (and they love it) [x4]
The more that you appear



[Hook]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 1]
Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you ma’fuckers it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we’re used to it
I’m from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!

[Bridge]
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin’ with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news!
Don’t talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me ‘fore I embarrassed you

[Hook]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

[Verse 2]
And the whole industry want to fuck your old chick
Only nigga I got respect for is Wiz
And I’ll admit, I had fell in love with Kim
Around the same time she had fell in love with him
Well that’s cool, baby girl, do ya thang
Lucky I ain’t had Jay drop him from the team
La Familia, Roc Nation
We in the building, we still keep it basement

[Bridge]
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin’ with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, I made it to the Paris news!
Don’t talk about style cause I embarrass you
Shut the fuck up when you talk to me ‘fore I embarrassed you

G.O.O.D. Music, we fresh, we fresh
Anything else, we detest, detest
Bitch-ass niggas got ass and breasts
All that said, lemme ask this quest’

[Hook]
Can’t a young nigga get money anymore?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no...

Don’t talk to me ‘bout style, nigga, I’ll ma’fuckin’ embarrass you
Talkin’ ‘bout clothes, I’ll ma’fuckin’ embarrass you
Hollin’ ‘bout some hoes, I’ll ma’fuckin’ embarrass you
Way too cold, I promise you’ll need some Theraflu

(Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh) Get the Theraflu
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh-uh)
(Uh, uh-uh, uh-uh uh) Get the Theraflu



We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
Said we got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)

I got house and a carriage, yeah
I got Black love and marriage, yeah
They gon' say you can't have it, but
I might go kill the messenger
We gon' kill the stigma up
Huxtables turned to Obamas
It ain't about where you been, where you from
What you got
It's all about love
Self-love is the best love (Love)
When you gon' take that wristband off? (Off)
That pity party been over (Been over)
Don't need make-up to dress you up (Dress you up)
I gave birth on the bathroom floor (Bathroom floor)
Just me, Iman, and headphone cords
Don't let this life defeat you
I hope this message reach you

Throw your hands up
Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is
Throw your hands up
Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is
Throw your hands up

We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)

I live in abundance, love is the new money
I'm mentally wealthy, spiritually conscious
I'm fresh out of Onyx, I'm ballin', I'm ballin'
I play with the hunnids, love is the new money
That's my frequency, stock up, burn the sage
Clear the room, heal the hate, love is the new wave

Love is the new money, love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies, home is where the heart is (Ahh!)
...play catch with the
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies, home is where the heart is (Ahh!)

We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Love, love)
We got love, love, love
You better believe it (Sing it, love, love)

Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is (Ah!)
Play catch with the hundreds
Love is the new money
I'm just chillin' with the homies
Home is where the heart is

Above all you keep your clarity
You keep your focus
You keep your sense of love
And you keep your sense of purpose
Those are, they're integral
You know, they're key
Happiness
You know, um a lot of people define success differently
You know for me
You can have everything
You could have all the money in the world
But if its not enjoyable, if its not sustainable, you know
If you can't be a person of integrity while having all these things
What does it matter?
What does it mean?
The value is internal
Your value is internal



Let me get more volume
Nah, nah
Louder and my voice

Roll some, think I’ll roll some
To know some, if we both honest
Who lasts? yeah, you lie
Spent the whole summer
Tryna be at the wrong place at the right time
But I know what's mine when I see it
I know, I know, I know when I see it
Riding down the 405, baby
Pacing, thinking, to myself
If I should make it right
When I pulled up to the light
And then my phone started ringing
Diamonds in the colors of those eyes
Don’t know why, but I know a sign when I see it



Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes?
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh

We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems, baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass?
You like piña coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying, baby, you have changed
'Cause now your high heels clicking, your lip gloss glisten
Your hips start switching, you're pissed off, tripping
'Cause even when we're kissing, baby girl feel different
Friends all diss him like, "No he didn't?
No he didn't, is you talking about Kitten?
Is that bitch still stripping?
Trying to get a pair of Christians?"
I swear to God that they got you going crazy
But you play it off and say, "How is work, baby?"
Well, some of the models is too coked up to walk straight
But seem to still love the man that they all hate
But babe, I call you back and say that you say that always
And kept me on the phone and demanded they all wait
See, she knew about all my lies the whole time
And my credit's so bad I can't get no one to cosign
I would've thought she would've bust in the door cryin'
But she upped and left a nigga and she ain't give me no sign
Now, she back in the club in a tight dress
With dreams of someday wearing a white dress
Seen with some lame, it's a miracle that she'd
Talk to a nigga with a ten year ago swag
Plus I don't like none of her girlfriends
Quote unquote, "'Cause her girlfriends got girlfriends"
On the phone, hollin' that "Niggas is whatever"
Let's fly to Euro and make this the best summer ever
Now she heading to Rome, Rome is the home
Rome is where she act like she ain't got no fucking phone
I accept that I was wrong, except a nigga grown
So I can't bitch and moan, in a session gettin' stoned
So a nigga had to hop on a plane
A bus and a train, to try to come and talk and explain
Rented the whole bottom floor for a candle light dinner
Turned the lights out and put my candle right in her
And told her, "Even though I met you in a club in a tight dress
At first sight I could picture you in a white dress"
Thirty foot train, diamond from Lorraine
Just to make up for all the years and the pain
Family on both sides, I'm so glad you came
Aunty couldn't make it, oh no, that's a shame
Wedding in June, what could be better?
Let's fly to Euro, make this the best summer ever
Take the very last car of the Eurostar
Tell the conductor, "Just drive so far"
Told some of your friends and they wasn't excited
Well, we gon' tour the countryside and they won't be invited
We will not be disturbed by the fussing and fighting
Tell Peaches light the herb 'cause we just reunited
Let's make a move from these herbs, go somewhere in private
I'm talking just me and you and the plane and the pilot, uh

Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you, girl
Wooooaah ohhh



I want you to come to me, Ecstasy
Uh, Ecstasy, Ecstasy, Ecstasy
Ecstasy, Ecstasy, Ecstasy
Ecstasy, Ecstasy, Ecstasy
Ecstasy, Ecstasy, Ecstasy
Ecstasy

You got sick thoughts? I got more of 'em
You got a sister-in-law you would smash? I got four of them
Damn, those is your sisters
You did something unholy to them pictures
Damn, you need to be locked up
Nah, we need a bigger hot tub

Now let me see you back, back, back, back
Time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they're going mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
She got a smartphone but a dumb ass
I thought of all this on ecstasy

You got sick thoughts? I got more of them
You remember bad bitches that you smashed? I recorded them
She said fuck weed, cause she love X
If she suck seed, that's a success
If a girl cum, that's a fuck fest
And we gon' score 100 on this drug test

Now let me see you back, back, back, back
It's time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they're going mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
You got a smartphone but a dumb ass
I thought of all this on Ecstasy (perfect!)

Fuckin' around – whoop! Scoop!
Whoopity-whoop
Whoopity-whoop, scoop-poop-woop-toop
Scoopity-whoop loot, looty-whoop-whoop
Ecstasy, ecstasy, ecstasy

You got sick thoughts? I got more of them
Han? (scoop!)
You see them escorts? I escorted them (scooty-woot!)
While y'all was trippin', I resorted them (whoop!)
Then I kicked 'em out, I got bored of them (whoop!)

Now let me see you back, back, back, back
It's time to get the bag, bag, bag, bag
We don't throw stones, we throw stacks
That's why they're going mad, mad, mad, Max
If you don't say your name then I won't ask
You got a smartphone but a dumb ass
I thought of all this on ecstasy



[Four Tops:]
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
Oh, oh
I had for us
Turned my dreams into dust
I watch a phone that, I had for us
Turned my dreams into dust

[Kanye West:]
I know Obama was Heaven-sent
But ever since Trump won, it proved that I could be President
[T.I.:]
Yeah you can, at what cost though?
Don't that go against the teachings that Ye taught for?
[Kanye West:]
Yo T.I.P., I hear your side and everybody talk though
But ain't goin' against the grain everything I fought for?
[T.I.:]
Prolly so, Ye, but where you tryna go with this?
It's some shit you just don't align with and don't go against
[Kanye West:]
You just readin' the headlines, you don't see the fine print
You on some choosin'-side shit, I'm on some unified shit
[T.I.:]
It's bigger than your selfish agenda
If your election ain't gon' stop police from murderin' niggas, then shit...
[Kanye West:]
Bruh, I never ever stopped fightin' for the people
Actually wearin' the hat'll show people that we equal
[T.I.:]
You gotta see the vantage point of the people
What makes you feel equal makes them feel evil
[Kanye West:]
See that's the problem with this damn nation
All Blacks gotta be Democrats, man, we ain't made it off the plantation
[T.I.:]
Fuck who you choose as your political party
You representin' dudes just seem crude and cold-hearted
With blatant disregard for the people who put you in position
Don't you feel an obligation to them?
[Kanye West:]
I feel an obligation to show people new ideas
And if you wanna hear 'em, there go two right here
Make America Great Again had a negative reception
I took it, wore it, rocked it, gave it a new direction
Added empathy, care and love and affection
And y'all simply questionin' my methods
[T.I.:]
What you willin' to lose for the point to be proved?
This shit is stubborn, selfish, bullheaded, even for you
You wore a dusty ass hat to represent the same views
As white supremacy, man, we expect better from you
All them times you sounded crazy, we defended you, homie
Not just to be let down when we depend on you, homie
That's why it's important to know what direction you're goin' now
'Cause everything that you built can be destroyed and torn down
[Kanye West:]
You think I ain't concerned about how I affect the past?
I mean, that hat stayed in my closet about a year and a half
Then one day I was like, "Fuck it, I'ma do me"
I was in the sunken place and then I found the new me
Not worried about some image that I gotta keep up
Lot of people agree with me, but they're too scared to speak up
[T.I.:]
The greater good of the people is first
Have you considered all the damage and the people you hurt?
You had a bad idea, and you're makin' it worse
This shit's just as bad as Catholic preachers rapin' in church
[Kanye West:]
Y'all been leadin' with hate, see I just approach it different
Like a gang truce, the first Blood to shake the Crip's hand
I know everybody emotional
Is it better if I rap about crack? Huh? 'Cause it's cultural?
Or how about I'ma shoot you, or fuck your bitch?
Or how about all this Gucci, 'cause I'm fuckin' rich
[T.I.:]
You'll deal with God for the lack of respect
Startin' to make it seem like Donnie cut you a check
Now you toyin' with hot lava, better be careful with that
What's it mean to gain the world if you ain't standin' for shit?
Okay I gotta say it, Ye, you sound high as a bitch
Yeah, genocide and slavery, we should just try and forget
All that free thought shit, find a better defense
[Kanye West:]
But if Ye's just stuck in his way, he can leave it at that
Fuck it

Alright T.I.P., we could be rappin' about this all day, man, why don't we just cut the beat off and let the people talk?

